It helps me so much. I cannot always remember what I felt or how to describe it but the picture icons are perfect. Really shows me how much time I deal with the pain. Perfect documentation tool. Recommend by a Dr and I love it!
This app is better than others I tried. Support is fast and helpful. This tool provides many good features. No bothering ads. Works well on my Samsung S4. You can opt in to have your data being used for research. I like both: contribution to research and the option I'm given. This said, I gave only four stars, because I don't like the many accesses to my privacy.
The only thing I would change is, being able to add a profile...my daughter has migraines also and it would be nice to track her as well.
easy to use. helpful.
Easy to use
Complete tracker and log.  Best one I've ever used.  Can be a bit complicated at times when you're in pain but most of the time is great. No real complaints.  It's thorough.
Downloaded this for my doctor, has definitely come in handy. Maybe add an option for pregnancy?
Helps track migraines, triggers and the how long they last. With other  added options. It's a great app. But I would like a feature where I can  change the intensity of the migraine from day to day when it last more than  one day.
I would rate this app with five stars but it doesn't keep an accurate account of my sleep pattern and this is very important to me for medical reasons. When it does not detect my sleep pattern, I receive a message indicating 'sleep was not detected' which helps somewhat. My neurologist suggested that I download a migraine app because I have suffered from chronic/severe, debilitating migraines for many years and this is really going to help my doctors help me.  That little bug aside, I really like this app!
A very helpful and useful app.
Great for tracking sleep etc.
This could be the one for me. Been trying a few apps for a few years now. And I really find that suits me the most. Recording things are easy. Interface is clean. I simply love the migraine and  sleep tracker in the calendar view. And the get well messages are sweet. Well done guys!
I've just downloaded this and tested the input with a dummy record. It looks very useful and is intuitive to use, which is what you want when your head feels like it's about to explode. Developers, please can you enable storage of the app on to a SD card so my phone has free space? Thanks for your help!
My doctor told me to start tracking. This seems like an easy app to do so.
Downloaded this for my doctor, has definitely come in handy. Maybe add an option for pregnancy?
The only thing I can see that needs fixed is that during a migraine attack I can't fluctuate the intensity level. My migraines don't stay the same the whole time. I have to end putting in an end time and start a new migraine log when it is actually the same migraine.
This is so much easier for those of us with chronic debilitating migraines that need a way to keep track without exhausting too much energy. I do wish I didn't have to change the pain intensity in notes, since my migraines always have a range, otherwise it's a great app that has literally changed my life since downloading it.
As a person who has chronic headaches daily and fluctuating migraines,  it would be wonderful if I could rate my pain scale over time as it progresses . Also it would be helpful to show over time how the pain changes location over the skull.  I love the detailed section option for pain location in this app. Over all it has been been very helpful in communicating my headache pattern to my doctor.
I have severe migrains and this app helps me track them for my future doctors appointments
Helps me manage my chronic migraines.
The only thing missing for me is the ability to tracking a change in the pain intensity throughout my migraines. Right now now it's a static number for how bad the pain was when the migraine started. I love the "bother me later" option, the last thing I want to do with a migraine is stare at my phone screen. Great app!
Very  helpful for  when I  go to the  doctor, not having to just remember when I last  had a  migraine.
Helped the doctors understand what could be the best medicine
It is very helpful and I enjoy keeping track of my migraine and my sleep.
I'm updating my review because its one thing that can be an addition to us migraine owners. If if could tell when we take naps. For some reason it doesn't record sleep unless its night time and I have to manually put mine in bc I work at night and sleep in the day.
I love that this app is so easy to use. The structure is well laid out and intuitive. I love the sleep records and find them useful for tracking other health items, but would like to see a sum total on days when my sleep is interrupted instead of having multiple times on one day. Overall, I recommend this app and have had great success in managing my migraines. Thanks for the hard work and keep updating!
This app is becoming more thorough.
Helps me be able to trck my headaches better.  Really like this app.
This app has been very helpful. I just need to enter more than one sleep cycle. Is this possible? Maybe I jave missed it.
Still needs some tweeking but a good tool for daily tracking of migraines.
this app is great. it helps me track my migraines which helps my doctor and I find the best treatment options.
Very customizable. Easy to use, gives lots of info. I like that it can show weather info and tracks sleep, two important factors in my life, and that you can pinpoint where the pain is.
Extremely useful in tracking and finding patterns in my migraines/headaches to finally find a diagnosis after 10 years of severe and constant head pain.
I'm still getting used to using it. I really like it. The one thing I've found so far is the sleep function... It assumes I'm sleeping when I'm at work because I'm not using my phone?? Um, no. Just not playing on my phone or moving it around. :-( Also, I hope to export info from it to email so I can print it for my doctor. But, overall, so far, I really like it.
I really like this app i just wish u didn't have to constantly be on it i wish u could set reminders for yourself
Needed something to start keeping my daily migraines. The only drawback is it doesn't ask if the pain decreases at any point. Other then that, can't wait to show my new docs at Mayo progress
It's a good app for what it is, but it would be better if I could add symptoms between attacks. I have headaches, dizziness, random head pain that only lasts a few minutes or so, etc, between actual migraines. Symptoms that my doctor is always interested in--which is why I went looking for an app. There's nowhere to put all the non-'attack' stuff.
Hey! What happened to the sleep graph? I  liked that, easy to see how much sleep I  was getting.  How about restoring the sleep question to the notification bar too!
Easy to use. Helpful little app to try and gain some insight into why i keep getting migraines. Keeping track is helping me look for patterns. Thanks 🙂
Ideal for tracking basic occurrences and triggers
Active notification during episode is one of the best features of this app, even tho it does chew up battery life.    Fairly extensive, with options to add fields not already included in triggers, symptoms, remedies and so on. Dev is working on logging pain increasing/decreasing within an episode & other requested features. Would like a way to link to food log apps e.g. My Fitness Pal to solve redundant data entry. It's slowly getting there.
The app concept is great, and it does a great job of helping you identify migraine triggers and reliefs.  I highly recommend trying it out if you suffer from migraines.  My only complaint would be how slow it is when launching and saving.  That's minor in perspective of what it does.
This is a great app that works incredibly well, is easy to use and makes monitoring headaches very easy. Sadly the last update brings a permanent notification regarding the sleep time monitor. The sleep monitor has been a great feature for years, but why we need a permanent notification on our devices now is anyones guess. Please allow us to swipe the notification away or not have it at all.
Easy and helpful
I use this often...my only suggestion is to have 0 pain scale for silent migraines, or describe a 1 as "headache,  not too painful, not sure it's a migraine"...
I love being able to keep track of my migraines so easily.
I like the features. The one big thing I would change is the connection with menstruation since it doesn't apply to everyone (duh!). Keeping it as part of the already tedious process to get in an entry is annoying,  especially when you are having to fill it out while having a migraine.
I just started but so far I like it!
I like this app and im hoping it helps me to figure out my migraines so I can get them under control.
I really like this app, its easy to use and has lots of options to help figure out triggers and help me remember when I've taken medication (headaches make it hard to think straight sometimes). 👍🏼👍🏼
I needed something like this so bad. Was told about this app in one of the migraine support groups I'm in. I love being able to track time, triggers, and what worked vs what didn't work.
Would be great to synchronise with Withings software. Otherwise, has been a very useful tool and tracker.
Really good, but it takes to much space
I really like this app, I would like to be able to record how much medication was taken on each migraine day to be able to record pain intensity for each migraine day.  Other than that it is very helpful!  I can't wait to go to the doctor and show her my results so we can find a medication that will work better.  Thank you for this great health tool!
I really like this app.  It asks for a lot of input when your having a migraine much more than I would think about tracking myself.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is being a female with menstrual migrains it would be nice to be able to keep track of my cycle in the app. Other than that it's awesome!!!
The app is great and really helpful I am around a year into suffering with  migraine and the app is helpful to track and monitor things and does help  you to spot possible agitators. I have been diagnosed with chronic migrane  which doesn't stop I have varying levels of pain . It would be handy if the  app allowed for recording this more accurately as some things don't update  as it shows as a single attack record. It's important to keep it recorded  as this as the single episode not multiple attacks. However the app is  really good and very helpful and easy to use.
This is the best migraine tracking app I've come across. Easy to use when brain function and comprehension are less than optimal.
Good thing to have just wish it would load quicker..
This will help
So useful and comprehensive.
It's a shame this doesn't seem to integrate with a a separate food tracking app like myfitnesspal. I already track all my food there and it's a big pain to record it twice. I'm sure I have food triggers and would love to figure them out. Also, a place to track blood pressure other than notes?
Helpful in keeping track of sleep as well as migraine symptoms.
Tracks your sleep and migraine cycles along with other stuff to help you figure out why or what to avoid, specific to you. You can choose to be part of a study. Handy app, recommended by a friend and useful for taking to a GP if you are asked to track it.
useful app so far. wish there was an option to better customize options so recording episodes was easier and quicker.
I really like this app. It is right on the mark. I just wish it would record the regular headaches. I end up recording them with a lower intensity. But that is ok. It has helped me a lot
Very helpful in tracking frequency of migraine and its potential triggers
I really like this app for keeping track of my migraines.  The sleep part still doesn't work and you can't go back in and modify things after you confirm.  So if I get relief from something while ongoing I can't input it without deleting.  But overall a good app.
So far, it's pretty good.  A little too specific in some areas, but lookimg at the feedback and seeing responses from healint makes me feel better knowing someone is listening.
Very helpful but more precise tracking of pain level changes during migraine would be very useful .
Easy and helpful
The docs wanted a diary of my migraines and this has more than helped being able to log everything not just the day!! Excellent app!!
Great way for me to track my headaches and to show my Dr. So he can better treat me.
All of a sudden it asks me to confirm my sleep from last night! That's awesome! I also really like all the details for describing ur migraine & if it hurts to bad to finish the entry u can go back! I'm still learning everything & that's why it's not a 5!
Very thorough, yet easy to use. Looking forward to being able to see big picture patterns.
app works great, I wish there was a way to input my own triggers, cuz I know mine.  But for figuring out triggers, it's great! Tracking migraines is a breeze
It helps me so much. I cannot always remember what I felt or how to describe it but the picture icons are perfect. Really shows me how much time I deal with the pain. Perfect documentation tool. Recommend by a Dr and I love it!
I'm learning a lot about my symptoms thanks to the tracking and recording functions. It will be helpful to share this info with my doctors when necessary.
I love this app for tracking attacks and the team are constantly listening to users to help with new features. The report view is great for showing the neuro or GP. One thing it is missing for me is the ability to track stand alone headache days as well as migraine
I installed the app while in the midst of day 3 of a migraine. I'm needing to track my migraines for my doctor. I left it open as the migraine hasn't ended and the notification that I need to complete my migraine entry is annoying me. I'd love to be able to turn that notification feature off. I uninstalled the app, I don't feel like dealing with that on my screen constantly for the duration of this migraine as my last one last month was 11 days.
Finding an application to document these unpleasant events that did not cause further frustrations was difficult.   It had good reviews and after using to build my history from a note pad notes I find it really easy to use.
Great for understanding my migraines better and talking to my doctors to get a better treatment plan.
Handy for tracking migraines and triggers, great for narrowing down the probable cause or best remedies. Also love the sleep tracking, it is a huge help.
Very interesting and opened my eyes to more triggers. Will continue to use and learn new aspects of tracking.
It works
Finding an application to document these unpleasant events that did not cause further frustrations was difficult.   It had good reviews and after using to build my history from a note pad notes I find it really easy to use.
Please could you add a button for waking in the night. My daughter has a lot of migraines and when I add her sleep it would be nice if I could fill in the times that she wakes through the night... (usually 2/3times)
The only thing I can see that needs fixed is that during a migraine attack I can't fluctuate the intensity level. My migraines don't stay the same the whole time. I have to end putting in an end time and start a new migraine log when it is actually the same migraine.
Love the layout. My only complaints are that the medication section needs to have an option to put what time you took each one, and the city buddy list should really be lowered to 50 not 150
So far it works well for me!
This has helped my Dr and I know what preventative meds are working. I find though that I would also like a way to track just a regular headache that didn't lead to migraine and the triggers and treatment.  Would be investing to see pattern and maybe how to catch it sooner.
I love the tracker. I used to feel like I got migraine headaches everyday, but in reality it's not.
easy to do even with migraine.
Easy to use
Easy to use to keep track of my migraines. My last appointment with my neurologists she told me to track my migraine, possible triggers etc etc. This takes up no space and has things that I would never have though to include in my tracking them. Thanks for the app.
This app should be compatible (or be able to work in sync) with most of not all period tracker apps.
Keeping track has never been easier. I've had migraines for 10 years now and for the first time I'm seeing somewhat consistent patterns with causes and with what helps.
I've used migraine apps for years now. This is my favorite so far.  Ive had doctors, disability lawyers & disability judges asking for migraine records. Ive had complicated chronic migrains for 10+ years. I love the flexability of this app. The only option i would like to see, is to track the changes in my pain levels and possibly even the times i decide to try a new relief. Ive been tracking this in the notes, which works, Thank You. A better file extract option would be nice, it seems a bit messy now.
This is very helpful! My neurologist loved that it can track triggers, reliefs, medications, duration, etc. Makes tracking migraines so easy.
When I remember to use it, the app is amazing. I wish it had a widget though. A button on my home screen I can just hit real quick to record the start of the migraine and enter details later... or something to that effect. I can't always handle to look at my phone, then I forget to record it when it is over...
Great features and options. Clear reports.  One thing i would like to see easier on reports though is weather information.  It tracks and records it, but its hard to see actual weather patterns that might trigger.
Have been having migraines for years, and glad to finally have this to keep track and identify triggers, which hopefully means better management of the problem.
Great app. Would be even better to record headaches and their treatment - even if they don't become migraine.
Has room for a couple improvements.  Waiting to see how WIP features mentioned in comments/replies of suggestion page come out.
I started using this app to help me track my migraines so I could report updates to my doctor and identify trends and triggers for my condition. The sleep diary,  thoroughness of tracking a migraine plus the report option are perfect! My doctor was impressed enough to plan on recommending it to other patients. It answered every question she asked on my follow up visits. I ♡ this app!
This has helped me keep track of what may be causong my migraines and the reliefs
I've always been meaning to track my migraines to identify a pattern - if any - and have never got around to it, until now. This is a great app, easy to use and navigate.
My Dr was very happy to hear I was using. It's quite easy to use and gives valuable suggestions. The only thing stopping 5 stars is that it doesn't always identify sleep and sometimes it's hard to change/edit sleep. Overall it's such a useful tool that I think every migraneur should use It!                            *I have several types of headaches in addition to chronic migraines for 15+ yrs. I am on several meds + BOTOX injections.
I wish I could record what the weather is and whether or not I woke up with it. Also- every night it's recording two sleep cycles back to back. What's up with that? Overall, a great app to track my migraines and triggers.
My doctor asked me to keep a migraine diary. This is making it so easy. I only wish there was a place to record the medicines I take on days I don't have migraines.
So glad I found this app, helps track my migraines and sleep schedule  (recently diagnosed with sleep apnea). If there was option to add/remove categories it would be great - 5 star
GREAT..
Really good app. Letting me get a handle on my migraines. Wish there was a way to record interrupted sleep better, tho
Great app overall.  Only complaint is it doesn't load my weather.
Great tool to keep track! Would be nice to remove things that don't affect my migraines, such as menstruation, as I have has a hysterectomy
This is the best migraine app I have tried. The sections all correspond with all the questions my doc wants to know about. My only problem is remembering to use it when I have a migraine 😊
Good app
Recommend for anyone who suffers from migraines!
They added "ok relief scale," to rate how helpful a relief was, and descriptions of how to use each step, which is helpful for new users.
Helpful. Hard to complete answers during a migraine and hard to remember  answers afterward. It would be nice to hit only one button that has all my  info saved. Like many, my migraines do not vary, with the exception of  length... Still, a very helpful app.
Migraine buddy is one of my favorite apps. It's mostly intuitive however I cannot figure out how to remove a medication reminder.   The app is easy to use to record migraines and I like having the ability to add symptoms, meds, etc.  I use the app often and share information with my dr.
It does what I need it to do, which is track my migraines in one spot. But wish I could easily swipe from module to module when looking through the app. I also wish I could change my avatar to someone who looks like me. I wish there was a widget & a reminder to let the app know when my migraine ended.
Nice app. Would have given 5 stars but I think the email reports need to show more information. Ie graphs and the other tabs info.
When I remember to use it, the app is amazing. I wish it had a widget though. A button on my home screen I can just hit real quick to record the start of the migraine and enter details later... or something to that effect. I can't always handle to look at my phone, then I forget to record it when it is over...
Great app. Makes tracking so convenient. Would be 4 star if it somehow was able to tracker weather as well as sleep
I now use this app daily. I realized it shows just how much migraines  affect me. Only reason not a 5... it stopped giving med time notifications.  I really liked that reminder. ~A Samsung Galaxy S7 User
Could use a better place to make comments and some medication isn't listed. Love the rest of the format. So happy it  can be this easy to track migraines
I think it is great the only down side is the sleep recorder never works its always says it did not record last night sleep
Wish it had the ability to input the weather for each individual day your having a migraine instead of the day the migraine starts. Ie I've been having migraine for 9 days and I my face pain level weather meds etc for 1st day.
Very handy to have
So far it's  a great app. Could do with option to monitor  increase or decrease in migraine pain  during attack but it is really helpful.
I now use this app daily. I realized it shows just how much migraines  affect me. Only reason not a 5... it stopped giving med time notifications.  I really liked that reminder. ~A Samsung Galaxy S7 User
Only been using this a couple of days but so far so good.  Easy to use! That's a plus when you have a migraine!
Easy to use
Use this frequently as I suffer from migraines 15-20x a month
Awesome app very useful for gaining control of migraines.
A useful tracking tool. Looking forward to gleaning more helpful information to be able to manage my migraines better - inputting triggers and headache data daily but not a lot of actionable output as yet.
I just started using this app so far I love the work it is doing for me! Is there a way to store photos ? This would be helpful.  My face swells during a migraine and it be important to document ? Keep up the amazing work and thank u for this app!
Not perfect, but better than most and still working to improve which gives me hope.  It's fairly customizable, they just need to fine tune some of the options they already have.
Finding an application to document these unpleasant events that did not cause further frustrations was difficult.   It had good reviews and after using to build my history from a note pad notes I find it really easy to use.
It's good, helping me discover the cause of my migraines.
Really effective way to keep track of your migraines and looking for any patterns.
Great tool to find patterns and triggers
When i use it, it's great
Good tracking app to show to my Neurologist during my visits
Easy app
I suffer from chronic cluster migraines and this app has helped me keep track and manage them
I love this app, it makes recording everything so simple which is what you need when you're in so much pain. And the supportive messages are so cute :) only suggestion - to be able to record when the intensity changes throughout the day, as it is never just one level of pain. Otherwise fantastic!
Easy to use.   Very helpful.
I like this app very much. A headache is not cut and dry on it's triggers and symptoms.  This app gives one lots of options plus the ability to add your own input.  Would like to be able to print a log for the doctor though.   This has so much more info than their paper log they want me to keep and easier to track.
The reports are great. It's very helpful to see the patterns. My only critique would be better sleep tracking. I wish there a way to sync with my fitbit.
Needs a few tweeks bug a brilliant app
Very close to perfect!
So far, so good
This app works well to track migraines and triggers. I also like the notes feature so I can add additional information like how many times I had to take medication.
Great
Love this app. Has been so helpful to track my migraines.  Although the latest version is no longer reminding me to record daily triggers and is also not recording my sleep. This is despite both options being on in the settings.  That aside brilliant app!
very helpful with tracking my migraines and identifying triggers and remedies
I like how this app tracks everything.  It is a great help for doctor's visits and knowing my triggers.
It's great but I wish there was an option to indicate that I'm tracking my child's migraine headaches rather than my own.
But it would be better if there was a widget button for 'start migraine', so I don't have to figure out what time it is, etc...looking at the screen is painful once a migraine starts.
Needs some fine tuning but good start.
Love the app wish it tracked my daily pain levels not just overall levels
GREAT..
Could be a good app, but doesn't work for multiple, concurrent attacks. This app requires a migraine to be completed before a new attack or aura can be entered.
Love this app. Makes it easier for me to track info about my migraines. Wish I had it years ago. But what is with the dorky and childlike icon. Please update it with something more sophisticated and modern. I'm almost embarrassed to have it in on my phone. Was this intended for kids?
Very helpful to track triggers I had not noticed before.
It would be nice to have a bar chart with your sleep patterns, for those of us who are triggered by irregular sleep.
I have suffered from migraines since I was a child. I have EDS which can  increase migraines. This app makes tracking that much easier!
Is there was a way to add changes throughout attacks (mine usually last days) i would give 5 stars. Like the ability to time stamp when meds were taken, when different symptoms start and stop, pain scale ect. That would make this app perfect.
Love the app and easy to record. Really in depth so feel I can use to add to discussion with my GP. Great to see common themes and triggers. Only issue is it stopped auto detecting sleep after a few days. The settings are all set to yes so not sure why they stopped. Would be 5 stars if that was more consistent
Nice way to keep track of triggers and sleep. Need to use it for a while longer to identify my triggers for 5 stars
I'm so thankful I was introduced to this app. It has helped so much.
There needs to be a note section and more flexibility to remove and add triggers and remedies.
I loke it so far it does want i need
Pretty good. It would be really great if i could sync my Fitbit w/the app. I also wish there was a better way to record when the headache gets worse or better. For example if I could use the pain level slider during the headache to show what level my headache is it would be helpful... so I could start at a 7, but after taking my medication i could change the slider to a 3 and it would record. The notes section doesn't feel that useful but I'll have to see what my doctor thinks of the info.
I knew almost nothing about migraines. This app has really helped me get a  better hold of whats going on.The only two recconmindations I have is a  better way of tracking prodrome and post from. It is my understanding they  are parts of the same migraine. As it is, you have to enter them as  seperate events. I feel like it throws the data off. Also would like to  better track the progression of the same headache.
Love it, even the colours are suitable for me. I can see just how bad I get in objective terms and am keep to support research too
Very helpful
This app is pretty good when used consistently. It's good for keeping track of headaches so that you can go back and have a better guess at what the cause is.
I love this app as I sometimes find it difficult to sum up pain and frequency to my doctor and have struggled to pin down my triggers for years! I especially love the weather feature as I have long suspected the weather plays a part in my migraines. The only thing this app is missing is a widget that i could pin to my home screen for easy access!
I need the opportunity to add other kinds of headaches.
I like this app!
Very interesting and opened my eyes to more triggers. Will continue to use and learn new aspects of tracking.
Great app.
Terrific way to track chronic migraines. The sleep diary is a huge plus.  Amazing to see the reality of how little sleep I actually get. Even if you don't have migraines, the sleep function is valuable. Would like to be able to skip certain categories that don't impact me at all, but this is a minor inconvenience.
Yes, you must get a special user code to use this app. The process could not be easier to get one and its completely worth it! This has to be the first USEFUL app I have found to track my migraines. It is easily to use. Helps you find triggers, shows you patterns, and lets you repeatedly visit and change entries. I wish it had a place to free text with each entry so I could jot down personal notes at times, but overall this has been a major help!
Easy to use.   Very helpful.
It's nice to keep track and see more clearly what is triggering the migraines, as well as better see what is helping. My only qualm is that in the moment of pain, I often forget to track the headache.
Good app
I really enjoy the app
My doctor asked me to keep a migraine diary. This is making it so easy. I only wish there was a place to record the medicines I take on days I don't have migraines.
It's a good app for what it is, but it would be better if I could add symptoms between attacks. I have headaches, dizziness, random head pain that only lasts a few minutes or so, etc, between actual migraines. Symptoms that my doctor is always interested in--which is why I went looking for an app. There's nowhere to put all the non-'attack' stuff.
Still figuring out how to best use the app. As I have ongoing daily migraines, I've decided to complete a record a day (even though I haven't been pain-free in between) - because severity fluctuates and to better track meds.
Great app. It's great how you can put so much information in about your migraine attack. Best app I have used so far.
Would be better if the buddy option was improved and made permanent but definitely useful for keeping my mum updated of the severity of my migraines whilst at uni and my boyfriend when he is away as they both worry and I can show my specialist when I see him!!
Love itbut i would like to be able to adjust pain level. Show when it increases or decreases during a migraine. Also add more things like unable to complete some tasks. I go to work with my migraines but i have things i can't do with them.
You're doing a great jobvwith his app so far but can i make a suggestion?, Replace the white colour within the app as even with my device turned to its lowest light settings the white is painful to tolerate while i have a migraine and when i don't even with my shade 5 glasses i can not tolerate the white, it would be very much appreciated x
This app is really good. It helps me to keep a better track of how many migraines I get and what some triggers maybe.
I love how I can designate the difference in pain, I know migraines run at different levels so saying yes or no to a migraine isn't enough here I can rank the pain
Love the questions and topics.  I wish it if a migraine was ongoing, it would open to most recent migraine, until it is completed.
Helped me find patterns
This app is so helpfull I can actually tell my doctors how many migraine days  I have now and if they need a report I can print one out for them so they can help me better I just wish you could switch the pain intencity by day because some times my migranes never stop but the pain intensity wavers by day
Love this app. I have recommended many times. The one thing I would add is a timeline to tell me when and how symptoms progressed, or  when relief measures were tried so I could track how long before the meds worked, or which measure was likely to have had the greatest effect.
Now I can track when, where, how long I have a magraine. The only thing is I have migraines in the stomach, and there's no location for the stomach. I know migraines in the stomach is usually linked with children, but it would be nice if people with migraines in the stomach can track the location of it. But thank you for this great app.
Great design, easy-to-use.  Love how it tracks my sleep for me by last and first time I used my phone - AWESOME.    Ideas for other helpful things to include in functionality: 1) Some headaches last all day or are small pains on and off, which I need to track.  This is difficult to do with the time function - is there a way to make this optional so you can record all-day pain? 2) My doc wants me to record  exercise, weather, hydration and food, which I do in the notes, but could be other categories to fill out for a cleaner report.  3) Would be awesome to have an account that I could fill out on a computer or a tablet too, sometimes typing a lot on my phone is annoying.  But I am LOVING IT.  Definitely the best headache diary I've seen!
One of the most useful apps I've ever used, it has everything from doctors that I have been asked to keep track of & then some! (Who actually remembers to fill that paperwork out while they have a migraine or worse, after? This way everything is conveniently right there) Then it actually comes back & let's you know what potentially is triggering your migraines. I think it is amazing.  Added bonus, I like the links to the articles it offers, they are very informative.
A good record for migraines. It could be tweeted a bit but is very useful as it is. I have no problem recommending it.
Great app for tracking head pains!
Helped the doctors understand what could be the best medicine
It helps me to track my migraine attack but it is better if you add food diary to detect triggers
It keeps crashing.
This app makes it much easier to record my migraines. Looking forward to compiling it all for my next appt.
This app has helped me determine my triggers and manage my migraines better.
Great app.
I just started using this app, it seems like it willbe helpful.    I love the way it asks everyday to record your sleep because i would forget to otherwise, but i wish the sleep record thing was a little different.  its a little diffacult to record my broken sleep habits, i sometimes  sleep for a few hours wake up for a few then need to go back to sleep , also it might be helpful if one of the migraine questions was about the weather, im thinking some of my migraines might be weather related
Brilliant!!
Great headache diary. Best I've found online. Wish it have the ability to zoom in and free hand draw on the head/face AND use symbols like a lightening bolt, stars, arrows to describe pain, direction, intensity. Sometimes the nerve pain is so bad that I can't describe it verbally ( or read it off a list)... But I could draw it for you.
Good so far
Very helpful tracking migraine symptoms and attacks
I have suffered from migraines since I was a child. I have EDS which can  increase migraines. This app makes tracking that much easier!
Just impressed with the usability and applicable features so far....I'm about an hour into use but love it right now...
Clean UI and great UX. It would be nice if you could -  1. Update for tracking specific food habits as possible triggers. 2. Record varying intensity of pain during the  span of a migraine.  3. The sharing of reports via email is not proper. Please also look into this.  Otherwise, it's a great app to track and record migraines. Good job!!
I like the fact that I can add in my own "triggers" or "helpers". There are some things that help me that were not listed and some symptoms or triggers that weren't there either. I wonder if those "other" entries are reported and - if they show up enough - if they eventually get added to the actual app? The only thing that I wish I had was the ability to note how much something helped. If I take Excedrin and it brings me from a 6 pain to a 4, that IS helpful. I realize I can just put that in the "notes" section, but I would like that to be correlated information so that I can see which activities consistently take the edge off, even if they don't erase the migraine entirely.
I'm able to keep track of the headache so that I can get properly diagnosed.
I like the features. The one big thing I would change is the connection with menstruation since it doesn't apply to everyone (duh!). Keeping it as part of the already tedious process to get in an entry is annoying,  especially when you are having to fill it out while having a migraine.
Finally a log to keep track of my migraines....with all the info at my fingertips.
i have installed it almost 3 weeks ago, I was thinking to write in a notebook the triggers but luckily I found this great app, until now I recorded 3 headaches and I hope I get to know more of my triggers in the future, but there is this thing that says weekday and weekends and its shows the percentage. well I am from Bahrain and the weekend is friday and Saturday.. and I remember that I had a headache at the weekend.. so can I change the weekend and weekdays? I like the sleeping reminder to record & thanQ
It's alright
Great for tracking migraines and remembering what the cause was ... makes it easier to talk to my doctor about them.
Just add common food triggers of migrain in 1 tab..
I like the reports generated  & symptoms & triggers etc
Like this app....love how it tracks the sleep...would be nice to be able to change the severity throughout the day
Excellent for Migraine Tracking
The app is very good at keeping you organized and informed about what causes and relieves your headaches. I like the part where you track all of your symptoms because the graphics make it very clear as tok what you're doing, what I don't like though is the format and look of the rest of the app. I'm not sure what you could do to fix it, but the screen feels way too cluttered and hard to get used to right away.
Hope this helps out!
So far this app captures just about everything I need to for each migraine event. I would love to see them incorporate a weather/barometric pressure feature though.
It works for me but I wish there was a way to note the change in pain intensity.
Very interesting and opened my eyes to more triggers. Will continue to use and learn new aspects of tracking.
A great tool for tracking migraine  and sleep patterns. The log entry reminders are great and unobtrusive. Simple and attractive interface to pinpoint triggers, relief methods and weather conditions concisely generated into a report format offering a better understanding of all that may or may not encompass a migraine.
I use this to track my sons' migraines,  about a third of which are abdominal with no head pain. If this was an added option in the pain location section that would be fantastic, & worth 5 stars! Also does anyone know if there is a way to keep track of the preventative meds that he takes nightly? Besides those two little bug bears, this is a great app
I need a food diary in the app to see if what I'm eating is causing my migraines. The only place to add comments is when I record a migraine (not very helpful; I need to be able to enter food even when I DON'T have a migraine so that I can look for patterns) and the sleep diary (also not helpful because I need to record food for each specific day, whereas my sleep entries are usually from the night of 1 day to the morning of another so I cannot single out a day to write down which foods I've eaten).
I have never been able to keep a migraine journal. This app is so easy to use & knows what questions a Dr would ask. Makes keeping up with my migraines much easier!
Very good assessment tool, just getting started so am curious to see what the trending data will show.
The program asked a couple of questions I hadn't thought about.  I've  been a sufferer since I was 14 years old...I am now 50 with no idea of my trigger despite brain scan and several doctors asking me about it.  Installed this after an all-day episode a few days ago.  Hoping it can shed some light.  Only downside is the date/time selection tool.  If subsequent versions can incorporate keypad entries for recording the date and time, a 5 star rating will be warranted
I found the app initially difficult to use and navigate, but that may have just been a result of trying to work an app with a migraine. Slowly figuring it out. So far I like it. I like best that I can add symptom and medications that are not in the provided list, and being able to make notes about my attack.
Very helpful! I wish I would've had this app 4 years ago.
I feel proud to be taking my own life into my own hands.
Love how it helps with tracking sleep, and makes you think about how you could try preventing some headaches.
Love how simple it is to use when I have a migraine and can't function properly!
I love this app. Needs a place where you could input the time you take each medication. Other adaptations: 1. Like to see a forehead selection on the pain onset section. 2. Like to be able to delete the (Add New) selections that I entered myself to each category.
Helpful, need to have a way to opt out of menstration tracking, seriously don't want to see the question that doesn't apply to 75% of the population.
When i use it, it's great
It's awesome
I found the app initially difficult to use and navigate, but that may have just been a result of trying to work an app with a migraine. Slowly figuring it out. So far I like it. I like best that I can add symptom and medications that are not in the provided list, and being able to make notes about my attack.
My migraines can last for days, this at least helps track when they end and how much time in between.
Seems thorough
Very helpful
I'm currently trying to figure out if I have triggers, so I downloaded this app. So far it has a great design and looks at headaches from multiple points of views. My only issue is that there isn't a food diary part, which would help me see if certain foods are a trigger! Another thing: it doesn't allow you to say what type of pain (dull vs throbbing).
Está genial poder controlar los ataques, el darles un nombre, el pensar en las causas... Pero es una app que usa mucha gente, se agradecerían más idiomas
This is really cool it helps me to keep track.
Not very user friendly when it comes to adding friends. But I like the reminder.
Good tracker
The new trigger tracking feature and reports are great. I just wish I could record less severe headaches too, see if there's a pattern. Like maybe my usual headaches increase just before a migraine attack.
I am a behavior analyst and even with all my training, it was hard to see patterns in my triggers. This app is helping do just that.
Early days for me, but I love the completeness of record and ability to add symptoms/treatments. Not sure yet how to use the reports - so will review those later when I have more data.
Very good app for helping identify triggers and track headaches. Has weather, pressure forecasts and places to put in notes. It does take time to get used to the app.  I have another pain condition I'd like to track with it and I sent the suggestion to add that and was told to track it as a migraine and add a different type. Not sure that will work but I was thankful for their quick and personal response.
Thanks
Very easy to use and great to have at a doctors appointment so I can show them my headache days on the calendar.  Thanks for creating this!
Like that it can start recording a migraine before the end.
I like this app it really helps track info and i like that there are so many options to help track the type of migraine or triggers.
Definitely useful
Recommend this to anyone who suffers from migraines and headaches...Very easy and user friendly... Helps track and identify triggers and what helps vs what didn't help... Very handy app to have...
I'm updating my review because its one thing that can be an addition to us migraine owners. If if could tell when we take naps. For some reason it doesn't record sleep unless its night time and I have to manually put mine in bc I work at night and sleep in the day.
Helps a lot in keeping track of my migraines. Easy to identify the triggers and patterns. Now I know what to avoid to prevent headaches. The reports are very useful.
I needed something like this so bad. Was told about this app in one of the migraine support groups I'm in. I love being able to track time, triggers, and what worked vs what didn't work.
I love having an easy way to document my migraines. I hope I can share my reports with my doctor to help narrow down my triggers. I would like an option to enter foods last eaten before the onset of a migraine, even if it it food groups like dairy, sweets, carbs, etc. I think that would help determine if food is a trigger.
Haven't used enough yet to know for sure but it's looking good so far
Migraine buddy app is very usefull I track and use all the tools to show my GP and specialist.
Lots of detail to headache journal.  Easy to use.
Helpful to keep track of my headaches and start to see if there is a pattern
This app is great. Not only can you keep an accurate account of your migraines,  but you can also imput signs, symptoms, triggers, etc. Would certainly recommend this app. to others.
It's great to keep record of triggers.
I love the app as it helps me keep track of my migraines, however I don't like how it asks all the questions at the start of a migraine. Also, I have migraines that last for weeks or longer and the pain could be different day to day. I really wish there was a way to update what happens daily as opposed to the migraine all being lumped together as nothing changing.
Helps you get more clear picture of your migraines..
Easy and convenient way to track my migraine attacks.
I would prefer if the app didn't tell me how long I've had the migraine. I like seeing how long I've been migraine free though.
Great for keeping records for doctors
Would have given 5 stars if could access basics offline
I would like to see that when you have a migraine multiple days ( I'm a chronic daily migrainer ) that each day you can rate your pain and possible even different times of the day say morning afternoon and evening. That be a H.U.G.E. improvement and I'll give 5 stars for that, I have different pain level throughout the day and on different days buy I don't want to log a new migraine each day when its the same one, it makes it look like I'm having more than I am when in reality its just its diff pain a #
Migraine tracker, which when used correctly helps you track migraine triggers and reliefs over time. Very handy.
This is a great and in-depth app, I only have one complaint it does not let you put in side events on the calendar for anything other then migranies, sleep and doctors appointment. I only bring this up because I am on adhd medication and trying to track if missing a dose cuases the migraine so I would like to add miss dose events and cannot. Instead I log sleep whenever I miss it as a work around.
I love the fact that I can send my Dr my headache logs. Easy to record, make amendments.
I love this app! It's super helpful! The one thing I wish it could keep track of is, when headaches change. My pain level and location of my headache changes all day long. I updated my headaches in the 'notes' section. But it's not caculated in 'my report'.
Helps me track and share it
I really like how easy it is to use and to add my own symptoms,  methods, etc., etc. It will make my Dr visits do much easier.
So far this is helping me track my chronic migraines and recognize the triggers. It gets my sleep hours wrong every day and when I check no, it still accepts...but otherwise this app is awesome! I just go back in and delete the sleep time, then add the correct time. I was tracking my migraines with my calendar, but I forgot half the time. This app is so easy!
ShaRon Carter
Worked well. So far no issues.
Good tracking app to show to my Neurologist during my visits
I just recently started getting more frequent migraines and wanted to track them. Migraine buddy is helping me do this easily.
I recommended to other people that have diabetes it can help them a lot  thank you
very helpful
Wonderful App
Nice app. Would have given 5 stars but I think the email reports need to show more information. Ie graphs and the other tabs info.
It's good, helping me discover the cause of my migraines.
While I would appreciate more room to explain the rest of the day, since lifestyle affects triggers... it has been a very useful app to me. The sleep tracking has been very helpful to me, the details about the migraines that can be recorded. It's been very convenient in tracking this chronic problem. Migraines are awful; having some easy way to document them makes the stress much more bearable.
I've always been meaning to track my migraines to identify a pattern - if any - and have never got around to it, until now. This is a great app, easy to use and navigate.
Great app. Very easy to use. Extremely helpful with tracking triggers and sleep patterns
Thorough. Helpful at noticing patterns and triggers.
Really like this for tracking my migraines. I am especially happy with having the ability to mark where they occur with the head diagram. Would like to have some additional options added, including comment section for notes that may not fit elsewhere. Also maybe an area for meds that are routine vs. Abortive to distinguish that.
I love the app as it helps me keep track of my migraines, however I don't like how it asks all the questions at the start of a migraine. Also, I have migraines that last for weeks or longer and the pain could be different day to day. I really wish there was a way to update what happens daily as opposed to the migraine all being lumped together as nothing changing.
Helps me find some triggers
Great app! I love how I can enter all these little details.
This app is amazing, it's a really easy and organized way of keeping track of my migraines. I would only add a few things to make it more insightful, like a place to record daily meals. Other than that I love it.
Wish more specific options were available during symptom check
I love this app, it has been very useful and the treatment and assessment of my condition. so I wish they would attitude features such as on the medication not just setting a medication reminder but allowing it to activate track as meds are taken that it would send a more detailed report is a medication how long the migraine last did severity Etc
Great UX. Easy to use, guides you through the steps easily and doesn't overwhelm. The only thing I'd change is that I would be more careful about calling all headaches migraines.
This app helps me track the frequency and possible causes of my headaches. I don't just use it for migraines. I have a VP shunt and it causes me pain almost daily. But using this app has shown me that sometimes the humidity and atmospheric pressure can play a huge role in my pain. It has also helped me engage a community of others who go through similar pains. I really appreciate this app.
While I would appreciate more room to explain the rest of the day, since lifestyle affects triggers... it has been a very useful app to me. The sleep tracking has been very helpful to me, the details about the migraines that can be recorded. It's been very convenient in tracking this chronic problem. Migraines are awful; having some easy way to document them makes the stress much more bearable.
So far so good. Detailed and is kind about reminders.
New. Version collects wx data. What does it do with it?  Not on reports.    Samsung s3
Great app. Helping to keep track of headaches. Hoping I can get an idea of the causes through the reporting feature.
This app makes it so easy to record my (nearly daily) migraines!  I'm finally going to have some data for my doctor.  Love it!
Easy to use, nice interface,  and it's really helping me to identify triggers.
Very helpful! I wish I would've had this app 4 years ago.
Nice app. Would have given 5 stars but I think the email reports need to show more information. Ie graphs and the other tabs info.
It works for me but I wish there was a way to note the change in pain intensity.
The only thing I would change is, being able to add a profile...my daughter has migraines also and it would be nice to track her as well.
Good
This app has helped me determine my triggers and manage my migraines better.
Not used it but a few days so far. Interesting what comes up and what it is  making me realize.
I really enjoy the app
I'm terrible at writing things down and remembering what all I should  include. This App has it all. Only minor issues in regards to figuring it  out when you go back in after initial onset.
The only thing I can see that needs fixed is that during a migraine attack I can't fluctuate the intensity level. My migraines don't stay the same the whole time. I have to end putting in an end time and start a new migraine log when it is actually the same migraine.
Really helpful in keeping track of attacks and symptoms.
Really enjoy this app, wish I could sync it with my Fitbit to help track my sleep though.
Migraines are a Holy Terror!  This app makes it easy to track the terror!
I don't often get migraines but I have headaches multiple times per week and this is a great way to track them. Far better than any headache tracker I've tried even if not all the fields apply. I can show this to my doctor now.
Have been having migraines for years, and glad to finally have this to keep track and identify triggers, which hopefully means better management of the problem.
It works amazing but I'd love to see a new icon and a better design at the main screen. :)
Now I can track when, where, how long I have a magraine. The only thing is I have migraines in the stomach, and there's no location for the stomach. I know migraines in the stomach is usually linked with children, but it would be nice if people with migraines in the stomach can track the location of it. But thank you for this great app.
great app and easy to use!
Never really knew how many times i've got migraines, now I do..
Easy and helpful
Only thing missing would be the ability to put in the time you took a medication at a later time if you were unable to log it at the time you took it so that the timer would count from the time you took it instead of the start at the time you turn it on.
Recording the pain and keeping track of my meds is necessary. This app has been great. But it can't record your menstrual cycle day and that would be important.
I found this app very easy to use and one thing I love about it is you can modify the information. I've seen some apps where you are stuck with the options they give you and it is very limited. NOT this app! I really like it so far!
Very useful app. I will continue to use it.
I love that I'm able to track my migraines, having migraines for almost 30 years
Good options for taking many factors for migraines, and easy to use while having one; easy to recognize pictures, and easy to follow steps. Pattern tracking is fabulous. Has some factors I hadn't considered for my own migraines. Very useful app!
Pros: makes it super easy for me to share with my doctor what's been going on with my migraines as it's all in an easy-to-read calendar. The developers seem to be really conscious of meeting users' needs and continuously improving the app.  Cons: cannot track changes in migraine intensity. Also, what the heck happened to the graph in the sleep trend section? I can't find it anywhere. Now it all shows up in a table, which is not at all conducive to quickly seeing trends over time. Please fix.
Great app for tracking head pains!
I would prefer if the app didn't tell me how long I've had the migraine. I like seeing how long I've been migraine free though.
It's a good app for tracking headaches and intensity of them. I really like the weather and notes features.
Easy to use to keep track of my migraines. My last appointment with my neurologists she told me to track my migraine, possible triggers etc etc. This takes up no space and has things that I would never have though to include in my tracking them. Thanks for the app.
New. Version collects wx data. What does it do with it?  Not on reports.    Samsung s3
The app is designed well and works well. The only feature I would add would be the option to record just a minimal headache. I try to keep track of those so I can see if there is a correlation between "just" a headache and a migraine. Thank you for a nice product.
I live with headaches, so when I was told to keep a headache and sleep log for a neuro appr I instantly looked for an app. Easy to use. A few enhancements with time tracking and effectiveness of interventions make data tracking even better so less time putting in these notes.
Covers almost everything, and you can add new options if you need to. It even has a bug-me-later option, if you just want to record the starting time.
Really good app only been using it for a day so far. May I suggest adding two things though. One is to the sleep chart. For times you woke up during the night. Another is times you had food and a note section for what you ate so you can see if eating at different times triggers migraines or eating certain food at certain times causes migraines. Other than that it is really handy and a great app. I was loathe to write down all the time I was in pain. Bad enough I was in pain let alone writing about it when I wasn't but this app is quick, user friendly and convenient. Thank you so much!
This migraine tracker is the best I've used. It covers everything I can think of related to migraines and compiles your information into relevant, useful reports for you and your doctors.
Good app as I'm rubbish at keeping a diary, it's a shame you have to reach 100 buddies, there are only 14 where I live :/
Really helpful app. It was really helpful to track down and see.
The app is really awesome and very helpful. The only problem with it is that there are a few bugs happening that are quite annoying. First of all, the automatic sleep tracking is not working at all: it considers sleep the time between accesses to the app, and it doesn't register sleep at night. The other bug is when I open the app to edit and confirm a migraine report: if I open a new report immediately after, the system glitches and keeps saying that the record overlaps a recurring one; I go back and discover that the previous report wasn't saved at all even if I actually confirmed it and saw it in the 'My Records' section. Please do what you can to fix these bugs cause they're quite annoying.
Good app. Weather needs help though, it can never find any near me and makes it hard to help figure out if it's triggering anything.
This app has help me a lot, I am still trying to learn all of it's functions but so far it has been great, it helps me keep a record of my migraine headache, and it reminds me when I have an incomplete form, which is very helpful, as it is hard for me to stay focus especially with headaches so frequent. Thanks so much!!!
A better way of tracking migraines
Great app!
A wonderful tool to help keep track of migraines. It really helps in proper communication with the Dr when working with new meds, patterns etc. It would be even better if they could incorporate a weather tool to help keep track of barometric patterns in relationship to migraine onset as well.
Great
Quality App. Could have a section for Auras Only.
This is the neatest app. I had been marking my calendar when I had a headache but this is so much easier and much more efficient.
Good app very helpful
This app has helped me determine my triggers and manage my migraines better.
The best app I've found so far. I have chronic daily migraine,  never goes away only changes intensity. It would be nice to be able to track the intensity levels, but can't change it w/o changing the whole day. Also would be nice to track diet and weather information all in one place, more of a complete daily journal maybe broken down to morning noon and night... Otherwise like, the sleep tracker and the fact that you can customize triggers, meds etc...very user-friendly!
This app is great for figuring out my triggers and which methods help my migraines. Very easy to use.
Helpful
Helping track headaches so I may show a physician what I am experiencing. A bit time consuming to enter repetitive events.
Useful to track headaches
Great app. Works better on my old HTC than my new Samsung but love the way it records my sleep without me doing anything.
great lil migraine diary
Good idea
I live with headaches, so when I was told to keep a headache and sleep log for a neuro appr I instantly looked for an app. Easy to use. A few enhancements with time tracking and effectiveness of interventions make data tracking even better so less time putting in these notes.
The app was easy to use, but I had to uninstall, as I was not comfortable with the permissions required. My precise location, via GPS, isn't necessary information to track my migraines.
Maybe adding a setting where you can imput of you think you're having symptoms the second you feel them and it shows the time and the symptom. (You have one for the whole day)
Good idea
For years struggled to maintain diary per neurologist orders.  This app walks you thru all the necessary questions.
Good tracker
The only thing that would make it better would be the ability to enter what I've eaten as I'm still trying to find my triggers.
I like how this app tracks everything.  It is a great help for doctor's visits and knowing my triggers.
This is a pretty awesome app
It is is a great tracker. It does take one or two tries to not accidentally  reset a headache start time or other input, but once you get going, it is  fantastic. It interfaces with a sleep detection device to track sleep and  let's you log a headache but postpone the data entry until after the  headache is gone.
It is wonderful having something help me keep track of my migraines and everything with having them. I have a nice neat informative way of showing my Dr what's going on. This app is great whether you have them often or less frequently.
Pretty good. It's helping my neurologist and I to track the pattern of my  migraines to try & figure out why I have them so often and why they are so  bad.
It works amazing but I'd love to see a new icon and a better design at the main screen. :)
If you would save certain settings such as the menstrual cycle option to save that would be 5 stars for me.
Very Helpful App
Didn't like this app to start with but has greatly improved. My migraines aren't text book and symptoms, pain and everything else that goes with it are erratic so it's great that you can add and remove things as needed. Probably alot more you could add but that will come in time I am sure. Medication calender would be very useful. Will be interesting to look at my stats when I've logged more info and so much easier than keeping a paper diary.
Very close to perfect!
Fab for keeping track
It should let you track 2 a day,  sometimes they overlap till the next morning then msy disappear only to reappear hours later.
Great for tracking migraines to see if there is a pattern, with a cause. I  can see at a glance how I've been doing, and can even almost predict the  next migraine. Love this App!!!!
Very helpful  to track migraines. Gives status of migraine free days...automtically tracks sleep patterns if phone is not moves for an extended time...asks you to confirm and or edit.. you can add to choices of each catefory5of tracking info..welll thought out.
I like the reports generated  & symptoms & triggers etc
As a person who has chronic headaches daily and fluctuating migraines,  it would be wonderful if I could rate my pain scale over time as it progresses . Also it would be helpful to show over time how the pain changes location over the skull.  I love the detailed section option for pain location in this app. Over all it has been been very helpful in communicating my headache pattern to my doctor.
Design and user interface is great!  As a first time use of an app like this, it is great!
I really like how easy it is to use APP. I would like to see an "add" option on the section of what does not work. I would also like an information section to explain the reports, because I am new at seeking help for my migraines.
As a person who likes to make lists and keep track of things,  this is a freat app to help figure out what may cause a migraine and even to know what relief methods help the best.  I missed one kirgaine track because the app qould load the "record a migraine" page, but it was my only issue so far
Great app for tracking head pains!
It's so easy to fill in when I have a headache. Easy to email to my doctor. Helped me to learn more about my migraines and offers choices that I would never have thought of. Only down side is that it takes alot of battery but I can live with that considering all the benefits.
I knew almost nothing about migraines. This app has really helped me get a  better hold of whats going on.The only two recconmindations I have is a  better way of tracking prodrome and post from. It is my understanding they  are parts of the same migraine. As it is, you have to enter them as  seperate events. I feel like it throws the data off. Also would like to  better track the progression of the same headache.
Didn't realize how often I got them until my doctor recommended me to keep a diary and sometimes I forget to log my sleep, but for the most part it's nice  to keep a log. Hope I can connect my Moov Now
I really enjoy the app
This is a great app to help me track my migraines...  It's been so helpful.
Dear sir, I can't access because it shows 'wrong access code'! could you please Send me one of them ?
Best one.
I use this to track my sons' migraines,  about a third of which are abdominal with no head pain. If this was an added option in the pain location section that would be fantastic, & worth 5 stars! Also does anyone know if there is a way to keep track of the preventative meds that he takes nightly? Besides those two little bug bears, this is a great app
I really like how easy it is to use and to add my own symptoms,  methods, etc., etc. It will make my Dr visits do much easier.
I would like to see that when you have a migraine multiple days ( I'm a chronic daily migrainer ) that each day you can rate your pain and possible even different times of the day say morning afternoon and evening. That be a H.U.G.E. improvement and I'll give 5 stars for that, I have different pain level throughout the day and on different days buy I don't want to log a new migraine each day when its the same one, it makes it look like I'm having more than I am when in reality its just its diff pain a #
I've been suffering for years and when I see my doctor I struggle to produce all the information.  This ask all the questions and is so easy to use.  A discussion group or other remedies from other suffers may be useful.
I like this app because I can write in notes. There is more options than other apps. I would love to be able to put in the times that I took my meds as sometimes I have to take them more than once. But all in all a good app.
It's very helpful. Has helped me track and see certain things that help and make head worse.
Is there was a way to add changes throughout attacks (mine usually last days) i would give 5 stars. Like the ability to time stamp when meds were taken, when different symptoms start and stop, pain scale ect. That would make this app perfect.
Love the layout. My only complaints are that the medication section needs to have an option to put what time you took each one, and the city buddy list should really be lowered to 50 not 150
Its easy and helpful to use. My neurologist reccomended it.
easy to use. helpful.
It's a shame this doesn't seem to integrate with a a separate food tracking app like myfitnesspal. I already track all my food there and it's a big pain to record it twice. I'm sure I have food triggers and would love to figure them out. Also, a place to track blood pressure other than notes?
loving it so far....only on day 2 though
Active notification during episode is one of the best features of this app, even tho it does chew up battery life.    Fairly extensive, with options to add fields not already included in triggers, symptoms, remedies and so on. Dev is working on logging pain increasing/decreasing within an episode & other requested features. Would like a way to link to food log apps e.g. My Fitness Pal to solve redundant data entry. It's slowly getting there.
Helps you get more clear picture of your migraines..
I can know see if the pain is more in one side or this other of my head. Get a lot of info. A bit complicated sometimes to.know when a migraine starts and when it ends.
My Dr loves that I have this so much that she is recommending it to other migraine suffering patients!
Very helpful in keeping track of headaches and triggers.
This app has been useful in determining or confirming triggers. The ability to track many things at once is excellent. I've kept a spreadsheet for a decade about my migraines, but was never able to track this many things. It does not do as good a job tracking the efficacy of preventatives. There is no end date for preventatives and the time periods of 1, 2, and 3 months are totally inadequate. I've found over the years that you need a full year on a preventative to fairly evaluate it.
Nice app with all elements required to track migraine. Pls add multiple sleep/awake time in one night for sleep diary. In cases like a break sleep, I can't make correct entries.
Wish it was easier to just add notes  and to document the day.....like what was going on besides the migraine for other data.
Love the app! My Doctor liked the analysis too. He said he would recommend to other patients. I like the variety of symptoms and the ability to add specific triggers. I'd love it the app had a notes capability. I'd like to keep track of medications. I have preventative meds I take and would like to enter them on days I don't have a migraine. That way when I seem my doctor he can also keep track of other things I take.
Very helpful app for tracking my migraines.
It covers soo many aspects of a migraine. V thorough and detailed.
Very good assessment tool, just getting started so am curious to see what the trending data will show.
Helpful in tracking triggers and relief.
Great tool
Love how simple it is to use when I have a migraine and can't function properly!
I actually love this app, but the sleep detection is not always 100%, but I still love it!
There are a few improvements that I could see...but overall, I find this satisfactory.  It could have a food charting section, so you could help find food triggers, and something to chart weather (also to help find triggers)...and the addition of other medications/suppliments/therapies may also help.  Compared to by-hand tracking and other apps, this one is WAY easier to use.  Thanks!
Makes it easy for my son to keep track of his migraines and not have to write things down.
This app definitely helps me keep up with my migraine symptoms. I would like to see a few more symptoms and relief icons. It's also nice to get a quick message that says get well.
Love it keeps a track on migraines and possible triggers
It makes going to the doctor a lot easier
It would be nice to have a bar chart with your sleep patterns, for those of us who are triggered by irregular sleep.
very helpful app...helps me to keep track of migraines and to note possible  triggers
Works great so far . Hopefully this helps me and my doctor find answers to my migrines.
Good tracker
Easy and helpful
Very handy to have
Only got this last night while on shift. And only my started using it, hopefully it will help me track my migraines. Only thing about it is that there should be somewhere on it where you could put how many meds you took and what time you took them to see if the meds are working or not also won't let me put in my sleeping chart if I have slept in the day as I work night.
I have a migraine while typing this. (Sorry) I love this app. I've only had it 3? days and am still getting use to it plus have ?s, hence the 4 stars. I know I'd definitely tell people to get this app.   Could there be a time stamp for different symptoms? Different meds? Mostly I wonder if a food diary could be added with time stamps. I love simplicity so wouldn't like another app. A food diary would complete this imho.
This app is very helpful in tracking my migraines and seeing what  contributes to its duration and intensity.
They added "ok relief scale," to rate how helpful a relief was, and descriptions of how to use each step, which is helpful for new users.
I think this app is great! Still needs more input options but it is very good. A middle of attack spot for changes would be grate and a more accurate way to input were the pain is and how the pain is, are my sugestions.
I really like how you can email and print a chart for your records and/or for your Dr. (Whom likes that I am using this app too). UPDATE 5/23/16: I have been wondering how weather & pressure affect my migraines  so now since i have updated I can. Looking forward to sharing what I learn with my Dr.
I appreciate how easy it is to enter information regarding a migraine. I really like the ask me later function so I don't have to try to focus on a screen with a migraine. The picture with head and neck is hard to get to select around the jaw, especially around the left side. I have had to push on it multiple times and different directions trying to get it to light up. I would like to see a food diary with this. It would be extremely helpful when trying to determine trigger foods. Over all, very good
This migraine tracker is the best I've used. It covers everything I can think of related to migraines and compiles your information into relevant, useful reports for you and your doctors.
I loved this app on my LG G5, but recently got. Samsung galaxy S9+ and it  no longer automatically tracks my sleep, or reminds me to track my  triggers/daily activities despite allowing notifications. Not sure if it's  that the app hasn't caught up to the newer phones, or a glitch. I miss it  and hope I can figure it out soon so I don't have a large gap in my  sleep/trigger tracking.
I like the fact that I can add in my own "triggers" or "helpers". There are some things that help me that were not listed and some symptoms or triggers that weren't there either. I wonder if those "other" entries are reported and - if they show up enough - if they eventually get added to the actual app? The only thing that I wish I had was the ability to note how much something helped. If I take Excedrin and it brings me from a 6 pain to a 4, that IS helpful. I realize I can just put that in the "notes" section, but I would like that to be correlated information so that I can see which activities consistently take the edge off, even if they don't erase the migraine entirely.
Helpful
Easy enough to use. Can easily be added to and edited. I wish I could delete the preprogrammed stuff I do t need. I also wish I could input each dose of meds I take. Also my migraines might be a 2 or 3 for days then spike to a 9. I wish I could log the pain with a time rather tha the make a whole new entry.  I like that you can tell it to bother you later if you hurt to much to fill it all out and it sits in your icon tray to remind you to finish it. Oh, and I love the sleep tracker!
Very helpful. This app keeps me on track.
Like this app a lot!
Excellent app ♡
I like the reminders every day and it's very easy to use
As a person who has chronic headaches daily and fluctuating migraines,  it would be wonderful if I could rate my pain scale over time as it progresses . Also it would be helpful to show over time how the pain changes location over the skull.  I love the detailed section option for pain location in this app. Over all it has been been very helpful in communicating my headache pattern to my doctor.
I like that this app. is easy to use.
Came across this also by accident but had to reboot my phone any way of getting previous sign up back ...were has this app been hiding very easy to use
Love how it helps with tracking sleep, and makes you think about how you could try preventing some headaches.
Easy to use, easy to customize, clearly designed by people who understand migraines!
I like the idea of this new function but it says tension and cluster headaches will no longer be recorded, migraines only. I want to be able to track both to get a better picture of when both occur.. Can you please add this? That's my 5 star request, if I may. :)       --   Otherwise, I REALLY LOVE THIS APP!! It charts and graphs your info so you better understand your  migraine habits. It's great to quickly track a migraine with a "bother me later" option for if you can't look at your phone.
Its easy and helpful to use. My neurologist reccomended it.
So far so good
Would love if there was an option that I could enter the pain if it is worse or better. For example, ar 10am pain could be 4 but at 1 pm pain could be 7. Maybe it does allow that and I just don't know. ( downloaded 3 days ago) but other than that I love it. Especially sleep detection !
Helps a lot in keeping track of my migraines. Easy to identify the triggers and patterns. Now I know what to avoid to prevent headaches. The reports are very useful.
It would be nice if the app would track meals as well as allowing for parents to track their own migraines with their children's migraines.
I just opened your app for the first time and recorded a test migraine.  I'm impressed with the number of considerations included. I'm also a big fan of how simple it is to customize the answer list.
This app is the most comprehensive headache app I've seen so far. I love the sleep recorders, which are automatic. I also like the preloaded meds, triggers, etc, but I realty love I can add my own. The head map from front and back is great to pinpoint my pain. Only thing I would change is the ability to change intensity pain level in the same recorded headache. It may start off at an 8, but after medicine only be a 4. I write that in the notes, but wish I could just give it another scale.
Just some small tweaks, like having 150 users, in a smaller community that's kind of difficult.
Great tool for helping to keep track of my migraines. I wasn't quite sure how many times or for how long I actually would go through my episodes. Now I can just pull from the reports and I can share with my doctor
Glad they made this!!
Love this app. The only thing I think would make this better is a tab to  record what we eat daily.
This helps me track my migraine and see any common causes or times
It asks just enough information without being annoying
Keep Track of my migraines and sleeping habits
Easy to use. Helpful little app to try and gain some insight into why i keep getting migraines. Keeping track is helping me look for patterns. Thanks 🙂
Keeping track of my sleep patterns has been as important lately as keeping track of my migraines! Love that I can do both in one place!
Best migraine tracking app I have used
Really like this for tracking my migraines. I am especially happy with having the ability to mark where they occur with the head diagram. Would like to have some additional options added, including comment section for notes that may not fit elsewhere. Also maybe an area for meds that are routine vs. Abortive to distinguish that.
Very easy to use. Keeeping my migraine journal wherever I go.
I really like this app. It is right on the mark. I just wish it would record the regular headaches. I end up recording them with a lower intensity. But that is ok. It has helped me a lot
I would like to see that when you have a migraine multiple days ( I'm a chronic daily migrainer ) that each day you can rate your pain and possible even different times of the day say morning afternoon and evening. That be a H.U.G.E. improvement and I'll give 5 stars for that, I have different pain level throughout the day and on different days buy I don't want to log a new migraine each day when its the same one, it makes it look like I'm having more than I am when in reality its just its diff pain a #
Very user friendly, even in the midst of one of my migraines. It is really informative and eye opening especially towards reigning down causes and remedies for my migraines.
Grateful for it
Great app.
The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because it harasses me every day about what hours I slept. I don't need a sleep tracker I need a migraine tracker. The iheadache app was better but I have an android phone now and can't use it. This one is the best android migraine app I've found.
great tool, Doctor liked it, sleep records are hard to change.
I like how this app tracks everything.  It is a great help for doctor's visits and knowing my triggers.
Love this app! Super love the addition of the weather feature! Would be great if it would have current weather for all days (sometimes it says unavailable even with GPS turned on). Otherwise, such a great app! Love it!!!
I love it and is very useful. However I will like for it to change the clock to a simpler one
This is so much more convenient than a physical journal that might get lost or be at home when I need it, and so much easier than struggling with a Google document and a migraine at the same time. I do wish it had a segment for postdrome symptoms; I suspect that in my case different postdrome symptoms may be resulting from different migraine triggers. That said, this is gar and away better than any other migraine tracking method I have tried.
I love the ease of use, but wish there was a way to customize more.  I would delete the sleep diary, &  the menstrating tab.  I find calendar summary hard to read.   Migraines have wrecked my life & although not life threatening, certainly life altering. Headache diaries are huge help for my doctor s.  This app has simplified recording each lost day.
I knew almost nothing about migraines. This app has really helped me get a  better hold of whats going on.The only two recconmindations I have is a  better way of tracking prodrome and post from. It is my understanding they  are parts of the same migraine. As it is, you have to enter them as  seperate events. I feel like it throws the data off. Also would like to  better track the progression of the same headache.
Makes it so much easier to keep track of when I'm getting them and what's going on with me.
Is good
It works for me but I wish there was a way to note the change in pain intensity.
I thought this was a very helpful app for logging my migraines and very detailed.
Great for tracking sleep etc.
This is great to show my doctor is a certain drug or therapy is beneficial to me. It can quantify my feedback.
Great app for tracking migraines. However I wish the sleep tracker would  work again. It was a really handy feature but then one day it just stopped
Good tool and easy to use
Good app very helpful
Definitely helps keep track of migraines for me and my doctor
I would rate this app with five stars but it doesn't keep an accurate account of my sleep pattern and this is very important to me for medical reasons. When it does not detect my sleep pattern, I receive a message indicating 'sleep was not detected' which helps somewhat. My neurologist suggested that I download a migraine app because I have suffered from chronic/severe, debilitating migraines for many years and this is really going to help my doctors help me.  That little bug aside, I really like this app!
I just started using this app, it seems like it willbe helpful.    I love the way it asks everyday to record your sleep because i would forget to otherwise, but i wish the sleep record thing was a little different.  its a little diffacult to record my broken sleep habits, i sometimes  sleep for a few hours wake up for a few then need to go back to sleep , also it might be helpful if one of the migraine questions was about the weather, im thinking some of my migraines might be weather related
I like this app. Will be very helpful to when I see the doctor
Excellent  way to keep a regular record
Great app for recording migraines
THE ACTIVE SLEEP DETECTION NOTIFICATION WONT GO AWAAAAY. I love this feature but make the notification go away please. I dont want to put it in manually but notes baaaaad. Otherwise great app 👍
I'm terrible at writing things down and remembering what all I should  include. This App has it all. Only minor issues in regards to figuring it  out when you go back in after initial onset.
Useful tool
Easy to use and not irritating.  What you want with a migraine.
Very good app
Not enough information yet for reporting but I like the options.
I like the app a lot. The reminders are a bit annoying, but I feel like they're probably necessary. Sometimes it's hard to input information accurately in the middle of a migraine. And if you want to record a normal headache, it calls it a migraine instead which isn't the best, so I end up rating normal headaches as the very lowest level of pain in order to differentiate. But sometimes a plain tension headache is much more painful than a 1 or 2.
Love itbut i would like to be able to adjust pain level. Show when it increases or decreases during a migraine. Also add more things like unable to complete some tasks. I go to work with my migraines but i have things i can't do with them.
The app is designed nicely and very thorough. However, I wish it could connect to other apps though, such as Garmin Connect or (Jawbone) UP - that way, sleep would be imported from them to Migraine Buddy. Or connect to MyFitnessPal and import sodium/water intake.
Please could you add a button for waking in the night. My daughter has a lot of migraines and when I add her sleep it would be nice if I could fill in the times that she wakes through the night... (usually 2/3times)
This has been a useful tool to track and record symptoms, sleep patterns, and triggers.
Works well. Quite user friendly. Using to track my severe and long lasting migraines. Hopefully it is helpful when the headache lasts multiple days.. Wish the sleep tracker worked better but otherwise love this app. Has been extremely helpful especially with doctors and when ER is necessary. Thank you.
I actually love this app, but the sleep detection is not always 100%, but I still love it!
Could use so adjustments but it makes it easier to keep track
Good app
I'm using this to track for my son, but would be great if I could also track for my daughter who also gets migraines. Otherwise day one but looks very useful. Thanks
It is very helpful, and allows me to get a glimpse into what could be the main cause of my migraines.
Just downloaded and think I'm going to LOVE it. I REALLY need this app! THANK YOU! !!
...Then it would be a definite 5/5. Having said that, I certainly recommend this app, it's a fantastic tracking utility to get a picture of what your brain is getting up to while you're not looking.
im slowly getting to grips with this app. i don't get migraines that often but its helping me track my headaches and im already starting to see patterns.
I like it so far, it's a great way to collect info on your migraines so you know how to deal with them. It also gives you a report after you've had a bunch of migraines which is cool to see what they might have in common.
I found the app initially difficult to use and navigate, but that may have just been a result of trying to work an app with a migraine. Slowly figuring it out. So far I like it. I like best that I can add symptom and medications that are not in the provided list, and being able to make notes about my attack.
It makes it easy to track my migraines so I can show it to my dr.
There needs to be a note section and more flexibility to remove and add triggers and remedies.
I'm terrible at writing things down and remembering what all I should  include. This App has it all. Only minor issues in regards to figuring it  out when you go back in after initial onset.
Tracks your sleep and migraine cycles along with other stuff to help you figure out why or what to avoid, specific to you. You can choose to be part of a study. Handy app, recommended by a friend and useful for taking to a GP if you are asked to track it.
Love this app. Has been so helpful to track my migraines.  Although the latest version is no longer reminding me to record daily triggers and is also not recording my sleep. This is despite both options being on in the settings.  That aside brilliant app!
Very intuitive app with descriptive enough icons that keep stain from causing more pain. I've only just started using it, but two improvements I'd make would be tracking the evolution of events, and adding a widget.
My Dr loves that I have this so much that she is recommending it to other migraine suffering patients!
I have never been able to keep a migraine journal. This app is so easy to use & knows what questions a Dr would ask. Makes keeping up with my migraines much easier!
Useful to track headaches
this app is great. it helps me track my migraines which helps my doctor and I find the best treatment options.
I love the way it keeps record of migraines, sleep, medicine and what works. It also has am confirmation of sleep helpful for  small headaches.
I've missed a little information from it being glitchy for a couple of days but I'm getting used to using it and it seems pretty helpful so far.
An easy way to keep track
This app has been wonderful in helping keep track of my headaches and sleep. Best way to track and even has a way to give you a report to show to your doctor, which is awesome!
Disappointed by the fact that it keeps running in the background though I have disabled sleep tracking.I stop it manually and it keeps restarting.the app is quite ok but for the time I spend to give all this input information I would expect much more visual outcome.so there is still space for improvement.I will revisit in the future maybe.
Easy to use, would give it 5 stars but the weather portion does not work in my area.
Very helpful to track duration, triggers and remedies. I was able to pull and give stats to Dr when asked.
Have gone through all of the steps in Google's troubleshooter but it still will not install.
Have only just started using but has been wonderful helping me to try and figure out triggers and to track how often migraines are, what works, how much medication I'm taking etc.  Would have given 5 stars if it had the ability to update Symptoms, Intensity etc DURING the headache to see how they evolve over the event.
Great app. Very easy to use. Extremely helpful with tracking triggers and sleep patterns
Excellent, very comprehensive app. Very helpful for long-term migraine sufferers like me!
Helpful in keeping track of attacks and possibly triggers.
I love this app. It's a very handy app and helps me keep track of my headaches and what triggers them. Very helpful!
Hope this helps out!
Helps me keep all info for my chronic migraines, for my doctor.
I liked the idea but there was more frustration trying to log in, it kept closing
This is a great app. I wish there was a better way to track med doses, pain, treatments, etc on a timeline then a graph to see what is working and what is not. Or even a position tracker for standing sitting laying front back sidlying. For those applying for disability this could be a great asset.
It helps me so much. I cannot always remember what I felt or how to describe it but the picture icons are perfect. Really shows me how much time I deal with the pain. Perfect documentation tool. Recommend by a Dr and I love it!
The app is really awesome and very helpful. The only problem with it is that there are a few bugs happening that are quite annoying. First of all, the automatic sleep tracking is not working at all: it considers sleep the time between accesses to the app, and it doesn't register sleep at night. The other bug is when I open the app to edit and confirm a migraine report: if I open a new report immediately after, the system glitches and keeps saying that the record overlaps a recurring one; I go back and discover that the previous report wasn't saved at all even if I actually confirmed it and saw it in the 'My Records' section. Please do what you can to fix these bugs cause they're quite annoying.
I've only used the app about 5 times but seems to be good so far.
Easy to use to keep track of my migraines. My last appointment with my neurologists she told me to track my migraine, possible triggers etc etc. This takes up no space and has things that I would never have though to include in my tracking them. Thanks for the app.
Covers almost everything, and you can add new options if you need to. It even has a bug-me-later option, if you just want to record the starting time.
Need write in section
This app has been amazingly helpful to keep track of all my headaches. Much easier than trying to remember everything at the doctors office.  *Though it would be great if there was the ability to put the time you took whatever medication you took.
Great app for tracking sleep and migraines. Wish the weather & pressure parts worked as i know the weather effects my migraines .
I have suffered through Migraines since college,  I have tried to explain them to my neurologist but was not able.  This app makes it easy to record,  keep track of and note patterns.  Thanks!
Finding it really easy to record potential triggers but as of yet since I started using it haven't had a migraine. Hopefully that will continue!
ShaRon Carter
So far seems easy to use and I like it got it to track my youngest child's  migraines but really wish it had an option for multiple profiles as I could  use it for me as well but I will just go find another app for myself
Has some bugs like in bug reporting and also relief scale shuts app down when rating anything caffeine related.
Not enough information yet for reporting but I like the options.
I've always been meaning to track my migraines to identify a pattern - if any - and have never got around to it, until now. This is a great app, easy to use and navigate.
It's a very useful app! There are a few things I would like to see added to it to track even more. But this is still the best app I have come across to help track and record my migraines!
Really good app. Letting me get a handle on my migraines. Wish there was a way to record interrupted sleep better, tho
This has been a great help with recording and reporting my migraine to my doctor.  I am excited (odd, I know) about the weather addition and if any patterns will show.  I do wish there was a way to distinguish between a typical headache vs migraine.  Sometimes I have headaches that are not a migraine. Having this app had helped me guide my treatment and become a better advocate for myself when I meet with my doctor about my pain management. I love being able to see that the changes I've made in treatment.
You're doing a great jobvwith his app so far but can i make a suggestion?, Replace the white colour within the app as even with my device turned to its lowest light settings the white is painful to tolerate while i have a migraine and when i don't even with my shade 5 glasses i can not tolerate the white, it would be very much appreciated x
I just came across this today but as a migraine sufferer, I'll start tracking episodes to see if we can find the root cause of them.
Helpful, but during a migraine it's too much. I like the concept, but find  myself using it less and less because my migraines are so frequent and it  takes so long to record the info. The info that is compiled is great for  discussing with the doc and tracking with this app is super helpful.
I would love it even more if I could modify the pain location screen.
very good app helps me with my headache x
Awesome app. Thanks!
Work great but could use some other stuff like if it gets worse overtime
This app is really helpful I love this app
It's too soon to know if this app will help me identify triggers but it's the only thing I've tried in several years of trying to get a handle on my migraines and headaches that I actually use consistently, and that in itself is a great result. Very easy to use and customize and I love the friendly daily reminder to record my day.
I have been having weird pains near my eye brows. Neurologist suggested that I track them so I got this app. It's quick and easy to use. Have had no problems with it.
Love the app wish it tracked my daily pain levels not just overall levels
I don't often get migraines but I have headaches multiple times per week and this is a great way to track them. Far better than any headache tracker I've tried even if not all the fields apply. I can show this to my doctor now.
Good app, logs what I need for Dr. I get botox so to justify it to insurance they need indepth analysis of the severity of the migraines over the course of treatment. Only improvement I'd like to see would be to better define where the pain is on the head.
Keeps an eye on how many I have which is really helpful
There is no setting where you can choose if you got an aura or prodrome but the pain isn't there or not there yet. You should be able to track symptoms separate so that you can learn what your symptoms are
Like all info it tracks. Helps to realise you're no making it up or to be worse than it is. Can keep track of triggers.
There are certain things that could be changed, but overall it's a good app
Really like this app for tracking my migraines, but it gets a 4 for 2 reasons. The primary reason is there is not a way to clear out an end time if I hit the link on accident. When you have blurry vision with a migraine, this happens very easily. The second is it would be nice to be able to confirm I have successfully added my doctor as well as be able to see if he has accessed my data. Both features would make the app that much more convenient when discussing issues with my doctor.
For years struggled to maintain diary per neurologist orders.  This app walks you thru all the necessary questions.
Good way to keep track of migraines as well as sleep patterns. I like how it keeps track of how many days you are migraine free.
I really like how easy it is to use and to add my own symptoms,  methods, etc., etc. It will make my Dr visits do much easier.
This app is amazing it just needs improving on sleep recording and a few more pain medication options and reasons for the migraine such as heat and illness maybe colds and flues. Also if the person is on any contraceptives. Either than that great app. Thanks developers!
I started using this app to try and find what was causing my migraines. I like that I can add additional information. Highly recommend this app. With all the amazing updates this app is even more valuable in helping mt track my migraines.  There is only one thing I'd like to be able to do, and that is update the pain level throughout an entry. My pain levels often fluctuate during an episode. Depending on medication and current environment.  Thanks for a wonderful app.
Was looking forward to use the aap to get relief from migraine pain and it's affects but unfortunately can't.
Helpful. Would prefer a button for tapping sleep start and end instead of auto detection
I would like to take out some of the catagories when reporting one.  But other then that I love this app.
I like the app a lot. The reminders are a bit annoying, but I feel like they're probably necessary. Sometimes it's hard to input information accurately in the middle of a migraine. And if you want to record a normal headache, it calls it a migraine instead which isn't the best, so I end up rating normal headaches as the very lowest level of pain in order to differentiate. But sometimes a plain tension headache is much more painful than a 1 or 2.
I love the ease of use, but wish there was a way to customize more.  I would delete the sleep diary, &  the menstrating tab.  I find calendar summary hard to read.   Migraines have wrecked my life & although not life threatening, certainly life altering. Headache diaries are huge help for my doctor s.  This app has simplified recording each lost day.
While I appreciate this app, I feel like there is a long way to go. My doctor can't find any information on if this is hippa compliant, so I cannot legally export the information to him. Also, as you can edit it as many times as you want, I have yet to find a way to edit the medication to show how often I takebit. So if my migraine is a week long, it shows I took my med once the entire duration.
I've been looking for a good migraine app with lots of options, and this one is it!  I do wish it had more specific options for trigger spots on the body. I also would love to be able to track my cycle here too,  as that plays off my migraines. Maybe also a log for water intake and massage or chiropractor appts? Also, a way to track the progress of a migraine? A timeline of sorts with reliefs and effects?
I think this app is great! Still needs more input options but it is very good. A middle of attack spot for changes would be grate and a more accurate way to input were the pain is and how the pain is, are my sugestions.
Good app, logs what I need for Dr. I get botox so to justify it to insurance they need indepth analysis of the severity of the migraines over the course of treatment. Only improvement I'd like to see would be to better define where the pain is on the head.
Good Tracker. Very useful at Doctors appointments.
Allows me to easily track my migraines and share with doctors. Very easy to use.
I have chronic migraines and Migraine Buddy makes it easier to keep all my info in one place which is also easy to pull up my chart  to share with my neurologist.
Great at helping me to understand my condition, could do with better medicine application
I don't often get migraines but I have headaches multiple times per week and this is a great way to track them. Far better than any headache tracker I've tried even if not all the fields apply. I can show this to my doctor now.
I wish I would have known about this app. Sooner. It is great at helping to monitor migraines in real time. There are a lot of things I did not consider when monitoring by paper and pen. This tool is a great way to pass on info to my neurologist.
I found this app very easy to use and one thing I love about it is you can modify the information. I've seen some apps where you are stuck with the options they give you and it is very limited. NOT this app! I really like it so far!
The docs wanted a diary of my migraines and this has more than helped being able to log everything not just the day!! Excellent app!!
As long as you log your sleep feelings etc. You can work with it.
It will be great for tracking everything about my migraines!
Lots of information, well "filed" and the best of the apps for this that I have found.
I would love it more if they would let the screen rotate. I have a dead spot on my phone near the top of the screen which makes updating the end time hard, I usually have to delete it and enter all the info again.
android app btw than iOS
It's great to keep record of triggers.
I haven't used this app in awhile but it is definitely a good app to have if you suffer with migraines
Great app for recording migraines
An easy way to keep track
A useful tracking tool. Looking forward to gleaning more helpful information to be able to manage my migraines better - inputting triggers and headache data daily but not a lot of actionable output as yet.
This app is great for figuring out my triggers and which methods help my migraines. Very easy to use.
The program asked a couple of questions I hadn't thought about.  I've  been a sufferer since I was 14 years old...I am now 50 with no idea of my trigger despite brain scan and several doctors asking me about it.  Installed this after an all-day episode a few days ago.  Hoping it can shed some light.  Only downside is the date/time selection tool.  If subsequent versions can incorporate keypad entries for recording the date and time, a 5 star rating will be warranted
Helpful
Great tool
Slow transitions from screen to screen. Could be my Internet speed.
Wish it was easier to just add notes  and to document the day.....like what was going on besides the migraine for other data.
Hello! I like the ease of use and speedy logging! My neurologist would like me to log when I take my medication throughout the day. Is there any way to add that functionality to the app instead of just one medication listing?
I just started using this app. It is nice to have choices to track and document.
Helpful. Hard to complete answers during a migraine and hard to remember  answers afterward. It would be nice to hit only one button that has all my  info saved. Like many, my migraines do not vary, with the exception of  length... Still, a very helpful app.
Decent app
This is the best migraine tracking app I've come across. Easy to use when brain function and comprehension are less than optimal.
Good app but sumtimes the sleep diaries random says i was awake during night thou i wasnt so i have to manually adjust that but its nothing major.
I've used migraine apps for years now. This is my favorite so far.  Ive had doctors, disability lawyers & disability judges asking for migraine records. Ive had complicated chronic migrains for 10+ years. I love the flexability of this app. The only option i would like to see, is to track the changes in my pain levels and possibly even the times i decide to try a new relief. Ive been tracking this in the notes, which works, Thank You. A better file extract option would be nice, it seems a bit messy now.
Has a lot of good triggers. Don't like the permission it wants
The app is very helpful. The only thing I want to do when I have a migraine is try to sleep. I can record it any time and add on later. Then i send it to my doctor easily. I love being told how long it's been since my last migraine.
Had helped me tremendously., keep track of migraines
Migraines are a Holy Terror!  This app makes it easy to track the terror!
It's good, but I think it should also have like a food section so you can write down what you at and at what time you ate the food rather than putting it all in the notes section
Solid design. Intuitive and informative, thanks for making something that  will help track my migraines effectively
I love migraine buddy over all other tracking apps, but it would be useful  to have the ability to add notes onto non-migraine days to track potential  triggers and other health related issues. Having to switch between migraine  buddy and other apps to see if there's connection between my blood pressure  and frequency of migraines, for example, is extremely difficult
Very useful as far as keeping track of migraine and the various factors and I wouldn't use any other method and best of all it doesn't coast a thing. Some of the other fetuses like finding others with migraine and the trigger predictor I don't find very useful.
I've suffered with  Severe  Migraine  for  over  30  years  and  have  had  to  Retire  Early  due  to  my  illness  after  Nursing  for  36  years  so I  was  reading  my  quarterly  magazine  Challenging  Migraine  and  this  app  was  mentioned  so  I  am going  to  give  it  a try  it's so  easy  to  use  even  when  you  are  unwell  .
Good Tracker. Very useful at Doctors appointments.
I would like to see that when you have a migraine multiple days ( I'm a chronic daily migrainer ) that each day you can rate your pain and possible even different times of the day say morning afternoon and evening. That be a H.U.G.E. improvement and I'll give 5 stars for that, I have different pain level throughout the day and on different days buy I don't want to log a new migraine each day when its the same one, it makes it look like I'm having more than I am when in reality its just its diff pain a #
Love how simple it is to use when I have a migraine and can't function properly!
Work great but could use some other stuff like if it gets worse overtime
I use this often...my only suggestion is to have 0 pain scale for silent migraines, or describe a 1 as "headache,  not too painful, not sure it's a migraine"...
Really useful app for recording data and identifying any potential trends that trigger migraine . Can monitor frequency and impact of migraine on work/leisure. User friendly and my GP is impressed too!
This is an extremely good app for documenting migraines. I wish there was one like it for pain tracking. It allows you to select options by buttons which is visually helpful when you can't process words during a migraine. The information is then processed into a PDF document you can share with doctors and who ever else needs it!! I am grateful for a extremely functioning app that is for free! Thank you!!
It does what I need it to do, which is track my migraines in one spot. But wish I could easily swipe from module to module when looking through the app. I also wish I could change my avatar to someone who looks like me. I wish there was a widget & a reminder to let the app know when my migraine ended.
I like most of the aspects.  You can customize by adding in medications, symptoms, etc that aren't listed.  It holds a lot of good info.  I would like to see the ability to change the intensity for parts of the headache.  If it's a 9 for 2 hours then I take some medicine and it doesn't go away but now it's a 6.  Also, would like to be able to mark the times that the medication is taken.  Definitely my favorite headache app so far.
The app was easy to use, but I had to uninstall, as I was not comfortable with the permissions required. My precise location, via GPS, isn't necessary information to track my migraines.
I am able to capture triggers easily which help me know things to avoid to prevent migraine attacks as much as possible
Would be great if the data could be exported as an excel file so we can compare it against data from other tracking apps. Overall a wonderful tool and I'll keep using it either way. Easy to input data and asking so many right questions. Thanks!
It's really easy to input the details about your migraine while you are suffering, which is great. The only major drawback fir me is that there isn't a section where I can type notes for myself.
Really useful app for recording data and identifying any potential trends that trigger migraine . Can monitor frequency and impact of migraine on work/leisure. User friendly and my GP is impressed too!
New version no longer auto-detects my sleep, not sure why.  Now I have to try and remember when I fell asleep for tracking.  I like that the barometric pressure tracker is more accurate now.
Good options for taking many factors for migraines, and easy to use while having one; easy to recognize pictures, and easy to follow steps. Pattern tracking is fabulous. Has some factors I hadn't considered for my own migraines. Very useful app!
Nice app with all elements required to track migraine. Pls add multiple sleep/awake time in one night for sleep diary. In cases like a break sleep, I can't make correct entries.
Wonderful App
I tried doing journals of my migraines but never knew what to input...this makes it easy to tap a button and start...Then I can view info later to see if the headaches reoccur with same triggers. thank u.
I like this app, but there are a few features that could make it even better and a more well-rounded headache diary: 1) The ability to record non-migraine headaches. Sometimes I know my headache isn't a migraine. 2) The ability to record times medications were taken. This is crucial to good logging. 3) The ability to make notes on a day without recording a migraine. 4) Adding a food log to help identify triggers. 5) The ability to see headache, sleep, and food data for a day all in one calendar.
Handy app to keep track of migraines and related info
Excellent app! Only wish I could change temp to Ferinhite (sp?)
Easy to use and so far is my go to app. Will have a better opinion after using it a bit longer
Super App. One feature I miss though is the possibility of plotting the intensity across the entire epiaode. It currently supports only the max intensity. The same with symptoms.
I love this app.  But would like a bit more for actually inputting info like weather, exercise, diet.  The memo section is kind of annoying.
The app concept is great, and it does a great job of helping you identify migraine triggers and reliefs.  I highly recommend trying it out if you suffer from migraines.  My only complaint would be how slow it is when launching and saving.  That's minor in perspective of what it does.
I've been looking for a good migraine app with lots of options, and this one is it!  I do wish it had more specific options for trigger spots on the body. I also would love to be able to track my cycle here too,  as that plays off my migraines. Maybe also a log for water intake and massage or chiropractor appts? Also, a way to track the progress of a migraine? A timeline of sorts with reliefs and effects?
Lots of information, well "filed" and the best of the apps for this that I have found.
Migraine buddy app is very usefull I track and use all the tools to show my GP and specialist.
This app is great for keeping track of when I  get my migraines as well as all the triggers that go along with it. I also like the space to add your own notes and reliefs.
For me it's missing only some tool to register some meals we may have eaten on a day,  so I can try to correlate some food as a migraine trigger.
Very useful app. I will continue to use it.
This app is the only one you can use while you have the migraine.the colors and buttons are easy on the eyes when you are in the grip of the migraine. If you cant answer all the questions, you can skip though. There are a few recommendations, have times for meds, place for notes, but overall, I really love this app.developers are super great!!!!
Better than others that I've tried, no complaints just compliments
Would like to be able to input to amount of medicine taken. Would also like to delete what I don't need. Otherwise I like the app.
Simple to use
Love keeping track, thanks!!
There are a few improvements that I could see...but overall, I find this satisfactory.  It could have a food charting section, so you could help find food triggers, and something to chart weather (also to help find triggers)...and the addition of other medications/suppliments/therapies may also help.  Compared to by-hand tracking and other apps, this one is WAY easier to use.  Thanks!
It was,easy to install and I haven't had any problems  with app. I love the fact that I can figure out what is triggering my migraines.
I always have my phone on me,  not so much a journal or computer. Hopefully this will let me track headaches so I can be free of them. There is an option to add your own triggers and help. I'm hoping this works.
Wow! Such an easy way to communicate and remember all your symptoms and scenarios. Can't wait to share with my pain doctor.
Great app, the only thing I'm missing is that the weather option doesn't seem to work in my region and also, the intensity of the pain varies in a migraine, so it'd be great if you introduced something to track this! :)
Helps track migraines, triggers and the how long they last. With other  added options. It's a great app. But I would like a feature where I can  change the intensity of the migraine from day to day when it last more than  one day.
I love this app, it makes recording everything so simple which is what you need when you're in so much pain. And the supportive messages are so cute :) only suggestion - to be able to record when the intensity changes throughout the day, as it is never just one level of pain. Otherwise fantastic!
Love this app. The only thing I think would make this better is a tab to  record what we eat daily.
Helpful
Very helpful. Easy to use. Great way to track migraines
Handy way to collect and record detailed info on my migraines. Also great to analyse my sleep patterns.
It's awesome
Can u give me an access code
Easy to use
Lg. Icons help easily tap, scroll, Add, subtract and make it Personal to  your unique symptoms. Provides Great quick reporting for Treatment plans
I am using this for daughter!  The only issue with that is the sleep time is for me and not her.   But it helps me track how often she is getting them so we can talk to her dr.
Great to track my episodes, triggers,  my diary to show my Dr. So when can come up with a working solution.
great app and easy to use!
Great tracker, helps identify triggers, easy to use, super detailed
Easy to track all facets of my migraines.
I've only used the app about 5 times but seems to be good so far.
My Dr loves that I have this so much that she is recommending it to other migraine suffering patients!
Great app
I would like to see that when you have a migraine multiple days ( I'm a chronic daily migrainer ) that each day you can rate your pain and possible even different times of the day say morning afternoon and evening. That be a H.U.G.E. improvement and I'll give 5 stars for that, I have different pain level throughout the day and on different days buy I don't want to log a new migraine each day when its the same one, it makes it look like I'm having more than I am when in reality its just its diff pain a #
I wish I would have known about this app. Sooner. It is great at helping to monitor migraines in real time. There are a lot of things I did not consider when monitoring by paper and pen. This tool is a great way to pass on info to my neurologist.
Sleep tracker needs the kinks worked out, but overall hood app.
So far so good
Great app.  Suggestions: Input time of pain meds taken.  Multiple times taken needed. Otherwise, best headache app I've seen
Easy to use, nice interface,  and it's really helping me to identify triggers.
am new to having to track my headaches.  This app so far is making it easy for me to do thank you
Good idea
This is a wonderful app and find it incredibly helpful tracking my cryonic migraines. I do however wish you could track the severity of the migraine while it runs its course. My migraines last on average from a day to almost a week and the severity fluctuates from annoying throb that is easy to ignore to wanting to drill a hole in my skull and back again without ever going away completely. I would like to be able to track these changes so I can see if the more severe happens for a reason.
Would love if there was an option that I could enter the pain if it is worse or better. For example, ar 10am pain could be 4 but at 1 pm pain could be 7. Maybe it does allow that and I just don't know. ( downloaded 3 days ago) but other than that I love it. Especially sleep detection !
Best way to keep track of your migraines,  like this app!!
Excellent for Migraine Tracking
I love this app as I sometimes find it difficult to sum up pain and frequency to my doctor and have struggled to pin down my triggers for years! I especially love the weather feature as I have long suspected the weather plays a part in my migraines. The only thing this app is missing is a widget that i could pin to my home screen for easy access!
Has some bugs like in bug reporting and also relief scale shuts app down when rating anything caffeine related.
Easy to use. It's great to have the summary reports and charts.  I think a few features still have few bugs bit overall glad I am using it. It's been insightful.
Would Like to be able to define the pain location more precise on the head map. Generally the app is great
It works for me but I wish there was a way to note the change in pain intensity.
Brilliant!!
I have suffered for years. Other than knowing they stem from a brain disease, I've never understood my other triggers. This app is great for that. I've also have had a hard time explaining the severity to my doctor. Now I can show him. Highly recommend this app!
Helps you get more clear picture of your migraines..
Something can be learned from the data people are providing, identifying an actual treatment that works based on what other similar users provide. Please, provide that information to people who's profiles match.
Great for when i have to tell my dr about what's going on, because sometimes it varies, and honestly the detail i used to give was kind of "it's a migraine but i'm not sure what else you want" and now i can be more specific if they ask
This helps me track my migraine and see any common causes or times
I like that this app. is easy to use.
👍👍👍nice
Had helped me tremendously., keep track of migraines
Makes it easy to keep a track record of my migraines.
Pretty good. Although I am still having trouble figuring out my triggers! But i can send my records to my doctor to help with treatment
Had helped me tremendously., keep track of migraines
Good tracking app to show to my Neurologist during my visits
I've always wanted to somehow keep track of my migraines to see patterns. This app lets me do that!
Was very surprised by how comprehensive the migraine coverage was.  Especially when it timed my sleep. I use two fitness watches which time my  sleep and measure the quality of my sleep. Curious if this app gets info  from my health app. This is great. Tho I've had migraines for 60+ years I  have never been motivated to track the conditions and progress of them. I  love this app. After 10 attacks I would have to give it 5 stars.
Very helpful to have. I can better track my triggers.
Easy to use like the graphs to track
I love this app and it's been really helpful I just wish I could identify where the pain of my migraine was at multiple points in ny migraine because it moves a lot I'd end up having the whole head covered
Great app!
Fab for keeping track
Still in the process of trying to identify triggers I didn't know about, but is a helpful log.
This has been so helpful in tracking my migraines and finding patterns. The  reports are useful & presented in an easily digestible way.
It helps me so much. I cannot always remember what I felt or how to describe it but the picture icons are perfect. Really shows me how much time I deal with the pain. Perfect documentation tool. Recommend by a Dr and I love it!
The only thing that will make this better is a notes section for meals. I always forget to include what I had to eat before.
There are certain things that could be changed, but overall it's a good app
Great tool to find patterns and triggers
It is good. It is my favorite migraine tracker.
Hope this helps out!
Is there was a way to add changes throughout attacks (mine usually last days) i would give 5 stars. Like the ability to time stamp when meds were taken, when different symptoms start and stop, pain scale ect. That would make this app perfect.
User friendly for sure. Asks time of onset, triggers, pain scale, reliefs, etc. I would love it even more if I could track my varying symptoms and when they changed...perhaps I can and I am just not aware of how. All I am seeing is that I am editing a previous entry. Being able to note if a migraine was constant, intermittent, or cluster would be great as well. But overall this is a wonderful resource to track migraines. I would definitely recommend it.
Like this app a lot!
Clean UI and great UX. It would be nice if you could -  1. Update for tracking specific food habits as possible triggers. 2. Record varying intensity of pain during the  span of a migraine.  3. The sharing of reports via email is not proper. Please also look into this.  Otherwise, it's a great app to track and record migraines. Good job!!
Great App!
This has helped my Dr and I know what preventative meds are working. I find though that I would also like a way to track just a regular headache that didn't lead to migraine and the triggers and treatment.  Would be investing to see pattern and maybe how to catch it sooner.
Helpful, but during a migraine it's too much. I like the concept, but find  myself using it less and less because my migraines are so frequent and it  takes so long to record the info. The info that is compiled is great for  discussing with the doc and tracking with this app is super helpful.
Is there was a way to add changes throughout attacks (mine usually last days) i would give 5 stars. Like the ability to time stamp when meds were taken, when different symptoms start and stop, pain scale ect. That would make this app perfect.
Love it!
I have been using this app for years and I love it. They keep striving to  make it better and succeeding. If you have migraines, of any type, you need  this app. Although if they could make a 'dark ' setting that would be  amazing.
The only thing missing for me is the ability to tracking a change in the pain intensity throughout my migraines. Right now now it's a static number for how bad the pain was when the migraine started. I love the "bother me later" option, the last thing I want to do with a migraine is stare at my phone screen. Great app!
I love this app and it's been really helpful I just wish I could identify where the pain of my migraine was at multiple points in ny migraine because it moves a lot I'd end up having the whole head covered
This is great, I just wish I could find a migraine tracker that included a food log, in case food I eat is a trigger, I have them written down and I can start seeing if I ate a certain food the same day I got a headache. Otherwise, awesome app. I love the charts and step by step process.
Quite nice to have an app to record all my migraine
I would love it even more if I could modify the pain location screen.
Useful, and an easy to use app for keeping track. I have to use it for when I feel my chronic migraine as the most painful.. Otherwise I am usually feeling it to one degree or another all the time. I hope it may be more helpful for me over time.  I would maybe suggest a way to record your food, to see if it helps you track the type of food that triggers them more.
I am finding this app quite useful for monitoring and recording my migraine.  The only reason it is not 5stars is that it assumes when I'm not on my phone I'm asleep which is a little irritating, minor thing otherwise I love the app.
Tracks me every time
I'm sure there is room for improvement. I will let you know what I think later.
This app is very helpful when it comes to talking to my doctor.
Great design, easy-to-use.  Love how it tracks my sleep for me by last and first time I used my phone - AWESOME.    Ideas for other helpful things to include in functionality: 1) Some headaches last all day or are small pains on and off, which I need to track.  This is difficult to do with the time function - is there a way to make this optional so you can record all-day pain? 2) My doc wants me to record  exercise, weather, hydration and food, which I do in the notes, but could be other categories to fill out for a cleaner report.  3) Would be awesome to have an account that I could fill out on a computer or a tablet too, sometimes typing a lot on my phone is annoying.  But I am LOVING IT.  Definitely the best headache diary I've seen!
Great app glade you added  the pressure differently (inhg)
This app is helpful
Only problem is the sleep diary is off a lot and wont let me change the times
Pretty good. It would be really great if i could sync my Fitbit w/the app. I also wish there was a better way to record when the headache gets worse or better. For example if I could use the pain level slider during the headache to show what level my headache is it would be helpful... so I could start at a 7, but after taking my medication i could change the slider to a 3 and it would record. The notes section doesn't feel that useful but I'll have to see what my doctor thinks of the info.
Recommend for anyone who suffers from migraines!
A minor gripe: choosing 'No' in the automatic sleep time recognition notification, actually records a diary entry, but leaves it unselected. Later, when trying to define the correct one, it always ends up giving an error saying that it "overlaps with an existing one", when it really does not.
Sleep tracker needs the kinks worked out, but overall hood app.
really like the fact I can track the length of migraine
Nice user interface with all the necessary features, really very helpful.
I've always been meaning to track my migraines to identify a pattern - if any - and have never got around to it, until now. This is a great app, easy to use and navigate.
Very good
Easy to use
Just some small tweaks, like having 150 users, in a smaller community that's kind of difficult.
I like this app because it helped to keep track of my migraines without having to write unnecessarily when I'm already in pain. I just show the chart to my Dr and makes my appts with her easier and faster. No explanations needed or need to remember facts; they're right there.
I wish I could add more items under certain areas!
I love this app. Needs a place where you could input the time you take each medication. Other adaptations: 1. Like to see a forehead selection on the pain onset section. 2. Like to be able to delete the (Add New) selections that I entered myself to each category.
Easy to use and not irritating.  What you want with a migraine.
Simple and easy to use.
Slow transitions from screen to screen. Could be my Internet speed.
The only thing I would change is, being able to add a profile...my daughter has migraines also and it would be nice to track her as well.
I like the feature where you can add other remedies/meds etc
Use this frequently as I suffer from migraines 15-20x a month
easy to do even with migraine.
I love that this app is so easy to use. The structure is well laid out and intuitive. I love the sleep records and find them useful for tracking other health items, but would like to see a sum total on days when my sleep is interrupted instead of having multiple times on one day. Overall, I recommend this app and have had great success in managing my migraines. Thanks for the hard work and keep updating!
Useful to track headaches
I started using this app to help me track my migraines so I could report updates to my doctor and identify trends and triggers for my condition. The sleep diary,  thoroughness of tracking a migraine plus the report option are perfect! My doctor was impressed enough to plan on recommending it to other patients. It answered every question she asked on my follow up visits. I ♡ this app!
Attractive interface and easy to use. I also find it very helpful in tracking the frequency and intensity of my migraines. This information helps me to identify which treatment methods work and to which degree.
A useful tracking tool. Looking forward to gleaning more helpful information to be able to manage my migraines better - inputting triggers and headache data daily but not a lot of actionable output as yet.
This has been a useful tool to track and record symptoms, sleep patterns, and triggers.
I'm so thankful I was introduced to this app. It has helped so much.
I've always had trouble remembering essential information about my migraines. This app will ensure that everything my doctor needs is right at my fingertips! I'd give it 5 stars if it were compatible with my Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4!
I really like the app. It is very helpful and good for managing migraines and sleep habits. My one comppaint is that it is a very large app and all of it takes up space on phone storage. I have very little space on my phone so it really helps when part of the app data can be stored on an SD card.
Great app, love being able to track times, pain areas, sleep times and medications. Any possibility, or maybe it's there and I haven't found it yet, of creating a way to track foods on days where I don't get a migraine? I am wondering if foods I eat trigger something the next day instead of same day.
My doctor asked me to keep a migraine diary. This is making it so easy. I only wish there was a place to record the medicines I take on days I don't have migraines.
It's pretty detailed & detects when you're asleep which is good. Still learning how to use it. Could do with a menstruation calendar.
Solid design. Intuitive and informative, thanks for making something that  will help track my migraines effectively
I started using this app to try and find what was causing my migraines. I like that I can add additional information. Highly recommend this app. With all the amazing updates this app is even more valuable in helping mt track my migraines.  There is only one thing I'd like to be able to do, and that is update the pain level throughout an entry. My pain levels often fluctuate during an episode. Depending on medication and current environment.  Thanks for a wonderful app.
I'm helping my daughter track her headaches/migraines.  Since she always seems to have a constant low level headache, it would be nice not to have to commit to an 'ending' time.  This way we can see how pain fluctuates during a 24hr. period and perhaps see patterns.  Any suggestions how to get around this? Otherwise a great thoughtful app.
Makes it so much easier to keep track of when I'm getting them and what's going on with me.
Great design, easy-to-use.  Love how it tracks my sleep for me by last and first time I used my phone - AWESOME.    Ideas for other helpful things to include in functionality: 1) Some headaches last all day or are small pains on and off, which I need to track.  This is difficult to do with the time function - is there a way to make this optional so you can record all-day pain? 2) My doc wants me to record  exercise, weather, hydration and food, which I do in the notes, but could be other categories to fill out for a cleaner report.  3) Would be awesome to have an account that I could fill out on a computer or a tablet too, sometimes typing a lot on my phone is annoying.  But I am LOVING IT.  Definitely the best headache diary I've seen!
Easy to use. Helps keep track of everything so I can show Doctor. More than I would remember to write down.
New user - so far no complaints. Asks all the relevant details, but only when I report a migraine. On a daily basis I only input hours slept. There should be more especially in terms of medication - for instance those who are prescribed medicines to be taken on a daily basis should be able to record that even on days without migraines. Perhaps an option to set alerts to take the pills, etc.
It is a great tracker of my migraines
lots of great data points can be collected and customized so this spp is great for tracking migraines, treatments, and preventatives but it would be nice to have the option to remove the "people" images from the"hello" screen. Giving the app an avatar with emotional responses is creepy, unnerving, and sometimes infuriating. the last thing i want 1 minutes after my migraine stops is to be reminded that i should be happy the migraine stopped... or that the app is "sad" that i have a migraine.  The developer replied and id like to add - maybe make the "friendly" face and emotional responses something that can be turned off??? offer a replace buddy icon with ---- a blank space and it would make all of us happy.
very good app helps me with my headache x
Glad they made this!!
Would love if there was an option that I could enter the pain if it is worse or better. For example, ar 10am pain could be 4 but at 1 pm pain could be 7. Maybe it does allow that and I just don't know. ( downloaded 3 days ago) but other than that I love it. Especially sleep detection !
Just started using this app. Looks to be pretty complete and beats  recording manually. Well done
It's so easy to fill in when I have a headache. Easy to email to my doctor. Helped me to learn more about my migraines and offers choices that I would never have thought of. Only down side is that it takes alot of battery but I can live with that considering all the benefits.
One of the most useful apps I've ever used, it has everything from doctors that I have been asked to keep track of & then some! (Who actually remembers to fill that paperwork out while they have a migraine or worse, after? This way everything is conveniently right there) Then it actually comes back & let's you know what potentially is triggering your migraines. I think it is amazing.  Added bonus, I like the links to the articles it offers, they are very informative.
My dr. Adviced me to use migraine app diary to track what causes my migraine... And this app seems to be the best there is.... Pls heeelp... Kindly give me access code please... I woild really appreciate it... Id really would like to use this app...
Great tracker app
I love the ease of use, but wish there was a way to customize more.  I would delete the sleep diary, &  the menstrating tab.  I find calendar summary hard to read.   Migraines have wrecked my life & although not life threatening, certainly life altering. Headache diaries are huge help for my doctor s.  This app has simplified recording each lost day.
I am pretty happy with the basicness of this app and I like the fact that suggestions made are being taken into consideration for updated versions. Thank you for this easy way to track migraines and keep a list for my doctor.
Helpful in keeping track of attacks and possibly triggers.
Mostly great.  It would be great if you could show changes to intensity during one entry. Also it was my neurologist that asked me to use this program...he actually loaded it ;)
Great app easy to use. I found the paper diaries to difficult and I always forgot about them. Never forget my phone.                                            adding: dropping it down to 4 stars it won't load any more so I can't track migraines all it does is track my sleep. Frustrating
This looks great, but one thing I think is missing is a diary function. I can track my sleep with out but not food or stress. It's one thing to ask after a migraine starts what might have caused it but much better to be able to input data when you're not already having one. That way when I'm on the other side I can look for patterns or the app can as I report one.  Either way, I'm hopeful for it.
Still really love this app but with my new phone it no longer automatically registers my sleep.
It would be nice if the app would track meals as well as allowing for parents to track their own migraines with their children's migraines.
This is a great app
Very convenient
Really enjoy this app, wish I could sync it with my Fitbit to help track my sleep though.
Great tool for helping to keep track of my migraines. I wasn't quite sure how many times or for how long I actually would go through my episodes. Now I can just pull from the reports and I can share with my doctor
I'm wondering if there's a link b/w my migraine and periods and would like to track both with the same app. I'm currently using Migraine Buddy for migraines and another app for periods. It'll be easy if their calendars could be merged, or if migraine buddy could track my periods too.
Very useful app. I will continue to use it.
My neurologist asked that I keep a migraine log, and as a 30 plus year sufferer, this is the best version of a log I've ever used.
Didn't like this app to start with but has greatly improved. My migraines aren't text book and symptoms, pain and everything else that goes with it are erratic so it's great that you can add and remove things as needed. Probably alot more you could add but that will come in time I am sure. Medication calender would be very useful. Will be interesting to look at my stats when I've logged more info and so much easier than keeping a paper diary.
Is good
Good Tracker. Very useful at Doctors appointments.
Finding it really easy to record potential triggers but as of yet since I started using it haven't had a migraine. Hopefully that will continue!
I am able to capture triggers easily which help me know things to avoid to prevent migraine attacks as much as possible
I would like the option to add some medical history that could be aggravating factors. examples: menopause, fibromyalgia etc
this app is very helpful in tracking everything that may be causing my migraines.
Was looking forward to use the aap to get relief from migraine pain and it's affects but unfortunately can't.
Good Tracker. Very useful at Doctors appointments.
I get lots and they're debilitating so this is a great  way to keep up with them.
Very helpful
The app was easy to use, but I had to uninstall, as I was not comfortable with the permissions required. My precise location, via GPS, isn't necessary information to track my migraines.
Maybe adding types of pain would help ie/pulsating, stabbing, etc
very helpful
Use this frequently as I suffer from migraines 15-20x a month
Still really love this app but with my new phone it no longer automatically registers my sleep.
Really helpful :)
This helps me track my migraine and see any common causes or times
Really helpful app with THE BEST design interface by far of any health tracking app.  The only reason it isn't 5 stars is because it's missing a few key items that would really help.  One is the ability to classify the headache / migraine (if you know what type)  - Eg., a hemiplegic migraine vs sinus headache. 2nd is to be able to add other medical issues - maybe have a customizable section for "other" to record things like vertigo attacks (from Menier's) that may have occurred without a migraine.
I am glad to have this tool, and it has been invaluable for use when discussing with my doctor. Wish I could turn off questions about menstruation since surgery makes that a non issue, and I don't like that it thinks I'm sleeping everyday I turn off the phone at work. Otherwise great
Super detailed and useful. Would love to see more options for each category in the migraine questionnaire, but no complaints. I always recommend this to people.
I use this app to track way more than migraines ... sleep, supplements,  medications ... and I like being able to create a report of  headaches/triggers. my only suggestion, or hope, for a change is to be able  to print the sleep records as well. it's one of the things my doctor wants  to focus on
I really enjoy this app! I mainly use it to just track what and when so that when I go to a doctor I have all the basic information they usually would ask for. My migraine at the moment is all over the place so it's nice to have something where I can track what happened and where as I can start feeling one coming up. I also like the fact that the app takes into consideration other types of headaches  too, such as tension headache. Also the little encouragement when you're in pain, that's such a nice little detail! Doesn't make my head hurt less but does make me smile despite it!
I've had migraines all my life and it's nice having an app that's so easy to record triggers, time, prescriptions, etc. And i absolutely love the bug me later feature when having a migraine and trying to record everything. Only complaint is it tends to "stop working" more often than I would like.
I love this app and how helpful it is in keeping track of my migraines! It's pretty cool that it can estimate when you slept as well. I love how thorough it is. My one complaint is that I wish I could tell it in from the US and therefore write dates in a different order. I keep getting the month and day mixed up, as we do month/day and the UK does day/month.
Helps me track and share it
Great little app but not much explanation/ feedback on sleep patterns or anything at this stage 3 days). I would really like to track headaches as well as migraines.
This app has really helped me discover my triggers.
I think this will help a lot. Love the input interface.
This is a good tool to use to track your migraines. Helps you to determine ypur patterns of triggers and wjat works to relieve the pain. It is quick and easy to use.
It's got lots if features, but it's really really slow (always synchronizing) even on a high-end phone. Also, weather tracking doesn't really work (it should use the last location), nor the long-term preventive medication tracking.
Great app! Wish you could track when meds were taken and pain variation over time. But there is a notes section.
I use this app to track way more than migraines ... sleep, supplements,  medications ... and I like being able to create a report of  headaches/triggers. my only suggestion, or hope, for a change is to be able  to print the sleep records as well. it's one of the things my doctor wants  to focus on
My dr. Adviced me to use migraine app diary to track what causes my migraine... And this app seems to be the best there is.... Pls heeelp... Kindly give me access code please... I woild really appreciate it... Id really would like to use this app...
This is an extremely good app for documenting migraines. I wish there was one like it for pain tracking. It allows you to select options by buttons which is visually helpful when you can't process words during a migraine. The information is then processed into a PDF document you can share with doctors and who ever else needs it!! I am grateful for a extremely functioning app that is for free! Thank you!!
Really easy to use. Definitely helpful to track patterns.
I really like the app. It is very helpful and good for managing migraines and sleep habits. My one comppaint is that it is a very large app and all of it takes up space on phone storage. I have very little space on my phone so it really helps when part of the app data can be stored on an SD card.
Love it, even the colours are suitable for me. I can see just how bad I get in objective terms and am keep to support research too
Great app!
Helpful. Hard to complete answers during a migraine and hard to remember  answers afterward. It would be nice to hit only one button that has all my  info saved. Like many, my migraines do not vary, with the exception of  length... Still, a very helpful app.
Could I please please get an access code..really looking forward to using this appt. Please help
Great app!
I have chronic migraines and wanted to track them for my doctor. I came to find that the sleep tracking was invaluable and my doctor loved the input. The only thing I dislike is that,as my migraines progress,they change position and intensity, which can't be tracked aside from to start a new entry or to write it in the notes and try to explain where it has moved to. Beyond that,it's a fantastic app. Well done!
I like this app very much. A headache is not cut and dry on it's triggers and symptoms.  This app gives one lots of options plus the ability to add your own input.  Would like to be able to print a log for the doctor though.   This has so much more info than their paper log they want me to keep and easier to track.
Really helpful to help me realize just how many I actually get. The app also helps me better communicate with my doctor about what's working and what's not.
I have this app on an ipod and an android device. One notes the lunar phase while the other checks the actual weather. There are a few other differences but overall it is a very useful app.  I would give 5 Stars if the same options were on both devices.
Been looking for an easy way to track headache for information for neurologists only down side is it does not interface with my samsung fit 2 to bull Hartrate  and water and cafieen intake and activity level
Helpful with sleep patterns & triggers
Pretty good. Great for tracking headaches and sleep patterns. Wish I could choose the sleep section more easily though. It frequently adds hours incorrectly and is difficult to edit. But overall its a great app.
Love that they added weather systems
Love how simple it is to use when I have a migraine and can't function properly!
Need write in section
It's good, helping me discover the cause of my migraines.
reassuring and great for keeping a record
Good so far. Easy and is helpful ng figure out my triggers
Easy to use
Good ap for discovery tool.  It analysis all data and gives you different charts about your migraines.  For example,  average amount of sleep prior to migraine,  percentage of what time of a day migraines occur,  percentage of relief possibility of different treatments,  etc. Many nice functions.  Not perfect but much more complete than others.
User friendly, even while in the middle of an attack you can answer prompts to record important data.
As long as you log your sleep feelings etc. You can work with it.
Useful tool
Could use a better place to make comments and some medication isn't listed. Love the rest of the format. So happy it  can be this easy to track migraines
very helpful
I like this app!
I just started but so far I like it!
Migraine
Love it keeps a track on migraines and possible triggers
Great, but can you add a section for daily preventative meds taken?
Just started using it so not sure if it will help.  I'm hoping this will at least assist in explaining my migraines to my physician.
Would rate 5, but I would rather type in city info rather than turn on location in order to get local data.
Is good
Very  helpful for  when I  go to the  doctor, not having to just remember when I last  had a  migraine.
Just started using this app. Looks to be pretty complete and beats  recording manually. Well done
Very handy to have
Only thing I would change is more versatility on pain location.  But this app is awesome! I've been using it for several months now and it has helped me narrow down my headache triggers.
Easy to use, would give it 5 stars but the weather portion does not work in my area.
I love it and is very useful. However I will like for it to change the clock to a simpler one
Good app
This is a great and in-depth app, I only have one complaint it does not let you put in side events on the calendar for anything other then migranies, sleep and doctors appointment. I only bring this up because I am on adhd medication and trying to track if missing a dose cuases the migraine so I would like to add miss dose events and cannot. Instead I log sleep whenever I miss it as a work around.
Something can be learned from the data people are providing, identifying an actual treatment that works based on what other similar users provide. Please, provide that information to people who's profiles match.
This is so much easier for those of us with chronic debilitating migraines that need a way to keep track without exhausting too much energy. I do wish I didn't have to change the pain intensity in notes, since my migraines always have a range, otherwise it's a great app that has literally changed my life since downloading it.
I like the reports generated  & symptoms & triggers etc
I love that I'm able to track my migraines, having migraines for almost 30 years
Design and user interface is great!  As a first time use of an app like this, it is great!
This app should be compatible (or be able to work in sync) with most of not all period tracker apps.
Great app, brilliant for tracking! Unfortunately since I upgraded to Android P the automatic sleep detection doesn't work anymore
Helpful
Very user friendly, even in the midst of one of my migraines. It is really informative and eye opening especially towards reigning down causes and remedies for my migraines.
So far this is helping me track my chronic migraines and recognize the triggers. It gets my sleep hours wrong every day and when I check no, it still accepts...but otherwise this app is awesome! I just go back in and delete the sleep time, then add the correct time. I was tracking my migraines with my calendar, but I forgot half the time. This app is so easy!
Helpful app. Tracks well and will wait till you can look at the screen on your phone if necessary. Let's you in put your own medications and self helps and triggers. Been using it to help my neurologist understand my chronic migraine better
Great design, easy-to-use.  Love how it tracks my sleep for me by last and first time I used my phone - AWESOME.    Ideas for other helpful things to include in functionality: 1) Some headaches last all day or are small pains on and off, which I need to track.  This is difficult to do with the time function - is there a way to make this optional so you can record all-day pain? 2) My doc wants me to record  exercise, weather, hydration and food, which I do in the notes, but could be other categories to fill out for a cleaner report.  3) Would be awesome to have an account that I could fill out on a computer or a tablet too, sometimes typing a lot on my phone is annoying.  But I am LOVING IT.  Definitely the best headache diary I've seen!
Just got this and so far so good. Has a lot of helpful content for tracking  migraines and is editable. This is silly but I wish the app icon was  different.
Came across this also by accident but had to reboot my phone any way of getting previous sign up back ...were has this app been hiding very easy to use
Good so far
This app is helpful
I appreciate all the detailed questions (some I didn't even think of). My 7yr old daughter recently began getting headaches and I wanted something I could keep track of it all, and show her doctor when we go.
I loke it so far it does want i need
This migraine tracker is the best I've used. It covers everything I can think of related to migraines and compiles your information into relevant, useful reports for you and your doctors.
I love this app and it's specific for us! I just wish there was an option to show process too. Like intensity changes over time or relocation or cluster headaches. But once you adjust any of them it changes permanently.
Really help me to track my migraine attact & help me discuss with my Doc.
Good
Clean UI and great UX. It would be nice if you could -  1. Update for tracking specific food habits as possible triggers. 2. Record varying intensity of pain during the  span of a migraine.  3. The sharing of reports via email is not proper. Please also look into this.  Otherwise, it's a great app to track and record migraines. Good job!!
It covers soo many aspects of a migraine. V thorough and detailed.
I like the way everything is set up.  Its very user friendly, and it's nice visually.  It seems very helpful in the way it tracks everything.  The only change I'd like to see is maybe a way to track the intensity throughout the migraine.  Mine usually start around a 1 or 2 for 6 or more hours, then progress.  This app just had one number for the whole duration of the migraine.  Its great otherwise, though.
useful app so far. wish there was an option to better customize options so recording episodes was easier and quicker.
Great App!
The soothing colors and the icons depicting various triggers and symptoms add just enough visual interest w/o insult that I think I might improve my headache-logging consistency. Looking forward to the addition of social features.
Its hard to use at first but for the most part you can get the hang of it. I love how easy and detailed it is at tracking my headaces. As a student and a chronic migraine child it makes it easier to explain to my doctors whats going on.
Love the convenience of this app.  Just wish I could record bad headaches not just migraines.
Finding an application to document these unpleasant events that did not cause further frustrations was difficult.   It had good reviews and after using to build my history from a note pad notes I find it really easy to use.
Good application - I especially like adding symptoms and remedies that pertain to me, the ability to organize those I experience / utilize most often, and the reports that show trends.
Very impressed with the sleep log built into the already great app to manage headaches.
I like this app!
the app works but I don't have much else to say.
This is great to show my doctor is a certain drug or therapy is beneficial to me. It can quantify my feedback.
They're seeking to do a lot with this app, so some of the functionality can be clunky. However, I find it incredibly supportive & thorough as a tool to help track migraine & neuralgia, as well as a great tool to use to communicate with care providers in a more efficient & reliable way than simply memory. Also find it very validating to see how other folks experience certain symptoms that I came to think of as "abnormal," & generally just the sense of not being one in this disorder.
I am using this for daughter!  The only issue with that is the sleep time is for me and not her.   But it helps me track how often she is getting them so we can talk to her dr.
Really useful app for recording data and identifying any potential trends that trigger migraine . Can monitor frequency and impact of migraine on work/leisure. User friendly and my GP is impressed too!
Would be good to be able to change the severity throughout the migraine and delete things to
This is a great app
Helps me to keep track of how often my migraines accure... Still hoping to find the source of them.
Helpful in keeping track of sleep as well as migraine symptoms.
loving it so far....only on day 2 though
Very helpful
Good way to keep track of migraines as well as sleep patterns. I like how it keeps track of how many days you are migraine free.
Good app, needs to be more personalised, like being able to monitor the ups and downs of the pain during a migraine. Otherwise fantastic.
This app is pretty good when used consistently. It's good for keeping track of headaches so that you can go back and have a better guess at what the cause is.
Love that they added weather systems
Needed something to start keeping my daily migraines. The only drawback is it doesn't ask if the pain decreases at any point. Other then that, can't wait to show my new docs at Mayo progress
Very useful app for keeping track with ability to email file.  The ability to add or subtract items for better tracking is awesome!
helps me narrow down and track my triggers and migraines
This is so great and my doctor finds it helpful.
Great tool
Love it
Very helpful to track triggers I had not noticed before.
I've been experiencing chronic migraines, almost daily. This app has been helpful in showing me patterns and possible triggers that occur most. Only used it a couple of weeks so far, but plan to continue to gather more data. I like reminders and being able to delay entering info, as looking at a device is not conducive to light sensitivity during a migraine.
Easy to use - love the sleep tracking
Would be good to add 'woke up with a migraine to the start time.
It's great but I wish there was an option to indicate that I'm tracking my child's migraine headaches rather than my own.
Great app, the only thing I'm missing is that the weather option doesn't seem to work in my region and also, the intensity of the pain varies in a migraine, so it'd be great if you introduced something to track this! :)
I think it would be great to have a tab to look at potential migraine triggers and relief options, just for reference. My personal report has been very helpful, but having a full list outside of that would be excellent.
I love this app.  But would like a bit more for actually inputting info like weather, exercise, diet.  The memo section is kind of annoying.
Very easy to use. I think it will be helpful when talking to my doctor and in trying to figure out triggers.
app works great, I wish there was a way to input my own triggers, cuz I know mine.  But for figuring out triggers, it's great! Tracking migraines is a breeze
I think it is  great but i have nothing to record  the  fact  i have a constant headache  that then graduates to a migraine or the cluster headaches  i live with many headaches  all at once but dont see how to record them with this app
I really like this app because it helps my Dr track my migraines in trying to determine effective medications.  I would like to be able to track the pain level during my migraines because after meds I might still have pain but not as severe.  Include for the monthly cycle a none button since I don't have one and wouldn't need to enter this every time.
Good for daily tracking but needs to allow for hourly changes. You can  enter info in notes, but that doesn't produce quantifiable data. So if you  have pain all day but "peak" for a few hours, you can't reflect that. Also,  charted data should be downloadable so doc doesn't have to go through so  much. Let us download the charts we can see in app!
Really helps me keep track of all my migraines
I wish I can scan the barcode of medication I use to add them into database
Very close to perfect!
I love it and is very useful. However I will like for it to change the clock to a simpler one
I've just downloaded this and tested the input with a dummy record. It looks very useful and is intuitive to use, which is what you want when your head feels like it's about to explode. Developers, please can you enable storage of the app on to a SD card so my phone has free space? Thanks for your help!
I've been suffering for years and when I see my doctor I struggle to produce all the information.  This ask all the questions and is so easy to use.  A discussion group or other remedies from other suffers may be useful.
I suffer from constant migraines, so bad that it literally stops me from life, with this app I've been able to record how many I've been getting and things that can trigger and relieve them. It's helping me to have better conversations with my doctor to help me get better treatment. Love it!! Would recommend!!
I have chronic migraines and Migraine Buddy makes it easier to keep all my info in one place which is also easy to pull up my chart  to share with my neurologist.
Good app
Would be great to synchronise with Withings software. Otherwise, has been a very useful tool and tracker.
Very helpful and comprehensive, excellent tool!
Helpful with sleep patterns & triggers
Not having any problems with the functionality of the app, and the tracker is pretty good. Glad to have the option of adding things because the default app doesn't include all of my triggers or remedies.
This has been so helpful in tracking my migraines and finding patterns. The  reports are useful & presented in an easily digestible way.
This has been so helpful in tracking my migraines and finding patterns. The  reports are useful & presented in an easily digestible way.
Great at helping me to understand my condition, could do with better medicine application
Great app but I would like to be able to transfer data to the SD card
With cluster headache there are many pointless questions and when I have it on I would not like to go trough all of them. So some kind of reordering/disabling the questions would be good. Why not? It is not asking all the questions anyway? I love how easy it is to track the seizures​ and how it tracks semi-automatically my sleeping and wake-ups! Keep on good job,this is important data!
Good app. Weather needs help though, it can never find any near me and makes it hard to help figure out if it's triggering anything.
Simple to use
This app has been useful in determining or confirming triggers. The ability to track many things at once is excellent. I've kept a spreadsheet for a decade about my migraines, but was never able to track this many things. It does not do as good a job tracking the efficacy of preventatives. There is no end date for preventatives and the time periods of 1, 2, and 3 months are totally inadequate. I've found over the years that you need a full year on a preventative to fairly evaluate it.
All of a sudden it asks me to confirm my sleep from last night! That's awesome! I also really like all the details for describing ur migraine & if it hurts to bad to finish the entry u can go back! I'm still learning everything & that's why it's not a 5!
A little simplistic but a good app for migraineurs
So far I am seeing what's going on in one place and it helps me understand.
Really helps me keep track of all my migraines
This app is the most comprehensive headache app I've seen so far. I love the sleep recorders, which are automatic. I also like the preloaded meds, triggers, etc, but I realty love I can add my own. The head map from front and back is great to pinpoint my pain. Only thing I would change is the ability to change intensity pain level in the same recorded headache. It may start off at an 8, but after medicine only be a 4. I write that in the notes, but wish I could just give it another scale.
There are certain things that could be changed, but overall it's a good app
I'm a chronic migraine sufferer and finding the time to record the numerous attacks is as burdensome as the migraines themselves. This app really makes it easy to record the attacks and does a good job summarizing them.
This is so much more convenient than a physical journal that might get lost or be at home when I need it, and so much easier than struggling with a Google document and a migraine at the same time. I do wish it had a segment for postdrome symptoms; I suspect that in my case different postdrome symptoms may be resulting from different migraine triggers. That said, this is gar and away better than any other migraine tracking method I have tried.
I really like this app.  It asks for a lot of input when your having a migraine much more than I would think about tracking myself.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is being a female with menstrual migrains it would be nice to be able to keep track of my cycle in the app. Other than that it's awesome!!!
This is an excellent tool for me. I really like the fact that it records weather data, as that seems to be a big trigger where I live.
Very useful. Easy to use. I wish there was a dark mode to make it easier to  make notes when light sensitive.
Wish it had the ability to input the weather for each individual day your having a migraine instead of the day the migraine starts. Ie I've been having migraine for 9 days and I my face pain level weather meds etc for 1st day.
Great!!
Still really love this app but with my new phone it no longer automatically registers my sleep.
I would love it more if they would let the screen rotate. I have a dead spot on my phone near the top of the screen which makes updating the end time hard, I usually have to delete it and enter all the info again.
Good app for tracking
Great migraine tracker.  I use it all the time.
Easy to use.   Very helpful.
Easy to use. Very helpful.
Easy to use, esp when in the throws of a migraine, very important. An impressive start,needs a little more tweaking and then will be a standout. Well done & thank you!
I really like this app. It's awesome
Very interesting and opened my eyes to more triggers. Will continue to use and learn new aspects of tracking.
It is wonderful having something help me keep track of my migraines and everything with having them. I have a nice neat informative way of showing my Dr what's going on. This app is great whether you have them often or less frequently.
Finding it really easy to record potential triggers but as of yet since I started using it haven't had a migraine. Hopefully that will continue!
Really enjoy this app, wish I could sync it with my Fitbit to help track my sleep though.
Good for tracking episodes and triggers. Only wish it had option to show fluctuation of pain during one episode.
My only recommendation is I wish there was a place to record what I ate to identify possible food triggers
Very helpful.  I just answer the questions and don't have to think too much.  Which is the last thing you want to do with a migraine!
This is really cool it helps me to keep track.
The only thing I would change is, being able to add a profile...my daughter has migraines also and it would be nice to track her as well.
It's good, helping me discover the cause of my migraines.
Its very helpful for my nerologist
Just impressed with the usability and applicable features so far....I'm about an hour into use but love it right now...
I need a food diary in the app to see if what I'm eating is causing my migraines. The only place to add comments is when I record a migraine (not very helpful; I need to be able to enter food even when I DON'T have a migraine so that I can look for patterns) and the sleep diary (also not helpful because I need to record food for each specific day, whereas my sleep entries are usually from the night of 1 day to the morning of another so I cannot single out a day to write down which foods I've eaten).
Hard to use if you have chronic daily migraines, without pain free days.  I've been just starting over daily and adding notes. I hope I can at least  track some triggers.
Disappointed by the fact that it keeps running in the background though I have disabled sleep tracking.I stop it manually and it keeps restarting.the app is quite ok but for the time I spend to give all this input information I would expect much more visual outcome.so there is still space for improvement.I will revisit in the future maybe.
Would like to be able to input to amount of medicine taken. Would also like to delete what I don't need. Otherwise I like the app.
THE ACTIVE SLEEP DETECTION NOTIFICATION WONT GO AWAAAAY. I love this feature but make the notification go away please. I dont want to put it in manually but notes baaaaad. Otherwise great app 👍
Newest update won't install.. I deleted and tried a fresh install and now I can't even reinstall it. I get an error 505 every time.
This is working really well for me in tracking migraines and headaches.  All enhancements I'd like to see have already been sugested by others, with development in progress.
Great app. Very easy to use and thorough enough for doctors to see what's going on. I also have headache diary pro. However, I tend to use this app with its more friendly interface. Thank you.
Very helpful for helping to keep track of my migraines and what has worked to relieve them. So many useful features.
I love the fact that I can send my Dr my headache logs. Easy to record, make amendments.
I need a food diary in the app to see if what I'm eating is causing my migraines. The only place to add comments is when I record a migraine (not very helpful; I need to be able to enter food even when I DON'T have a migraine so that I can look for patterns) and the sleep diary (also not helpful because I need to record food for each specific day, whereas my sleep entries are usually from the night of 1 day to the morning of another so I cannot single out a day to write down which foods I've eaten).
I'm so thankful I was introduced to this app. It has helped so much.
I love this app and it's been really helpful I just wish I could identify where the pain of my migraine was at multiple points in ny migraine because it moves a lot I'd end up having the whole head covered
Very Helpful App
I love this app!! The only complaint would be: need more options for the sleep part. I wake up several times a night, but don't have a easy way to record that.
Love it!
So far I'm tracking headaches & migraines. Very helpful
I like how it tells me how long between migraines I have!
I love this app. It's a very handy app and helps me keep track of my headaches and what triggers them. Very helpful!
This app has helped me determine my triggers and manage my migraines better.
I'm updating my review because its one thing that can be an addition to us migraine owners. If if could tell when we take naps. For some reason it doesn't record sleep unless its night time and I have to manually put mine in bc I work at night and sleep in the day.
I like the feature where you can add other remedies/meds etc
Very helpful and easy to use.
An OK app, for whatever reason I find it difficult to use with consistency
Very customizable. Easy to use, gives lots of info. I like that it can show weather info and tracks sleep, two important factors in my life, and that you can pinpoint where the pain is.
Really good that i can adjust and add my own symptoms. Just annoying it wont stop hounding me to enter stuff...Still working the app out...Ive had a few wierd crashes with this app but thats because i disabled notifications...
This is a great way to record my migraine.  Helpful when I see my doctor.  Only issue is recording increase or decrease in the migraines as the time goes by.  Other than that great app.
Very helpful app. I would give it 5 stars except that I can't change the  threshold at which it notifies me of low pressure. I had it set to notify  me if pressure went below 92.91 but I want to change it to 92.92 but no  matter what I do it keeps reverting to 92.91. That, and it has the wrong  time for my area. It is off by one hour and I can't change that either.  Also, I know it is less common, but some of us experience migraine pain on  the top of the head, but there is no option for that-- I'm using left and  right front to represent that, but it's not really accurate. If those  problems were fixed I would definitely give it five stars. Also, there is  no explanation of what that little timer next to the medication icons is  for. I have a feeling I am missing out on something great! ;)
They added "ok relief scale," to rate how helpful a relief was, and descriptions of how to use each step, which is helpful for new users.
This app is great for keeping track of when I  get my migraines as well as all the triggers that go along with it. I also like the space to add your own notes and reliefs.
Really help me to track my migraine attact & help me discuss with my Doc.
Helpful to track headaches, simple questions or options, makes it easy to see patterns.
This has helped my Dr and I know what preventative meds are working. I find though that I would also like a way to track just a regular headache that didn't lead to migraine and the triggers and treatment.  Would be investing to see pattern and maybe how to catch it sooner.
Very easy to use and track!
The only thing that will make this better is a notes section for meals. I always forget to include what I had to eat before.
Great for when i have to tell my dr about what's going on, because sometimes it varies, and honestly the detail i used to give was kind of "it's a migraine but i'm not sure what else you want" and now i can be more specific if they ask
I've been using this app for months now and I love it! It helps me keep track of my migraines so I can share info. with my doctor and other sufferers. I think this app should include weather conditions. I have another app that does this and it is incredibly helpful! It helps me know if weather could be a factor. If this happens, I can give this app 5 stars!
Simple to use
Thumbs up App :)
It had been a great tool to help log my migraines/severe headaches.
Could have the top of the head areas for an option. Also... it keeps bugging me  when I haven't completed an entry. I didn't complete it yet because I still had the migraine.  Overall though, the app is very usefull and handy.
Seems great. Loved the hang in there comment with migraine... such a lonely disease was nice when suffering! The little things...
Such a great app for tracking my migraines, it's helped me find some triggers and helps me control them. Would be 5 stars if I could change the pain intensity during a migraine as its not a constant pain level
Very useful for tracking migraines
Great, but can you add a section for daily preventative meds taken?
Keeps track of my migraines and what causes them.
I feel like the creators of this app really understand migraines
I just started using this app and so far it helps. I am hoping it'll let me keep track. I would love to track how the pain changes, instead of starting a new one.
I want to delete all my files at once and start over. The app seems to only let you delete one entry at a time. Please fix this.
I think this app is great! Still needs more input options but it is very good. A middle of attack spot for changes would be grate and a more accurate way to input were the pain is and how the pain is, are my sugestions.
Very helpful. This app keeps me on track.
Great migraine tracker.  I use it all the time.
Makes tracking migraines super easy
a good way to keep track, record an attack and look back at your headaches and migraines. I personally find it a bit annoying to use and forget where I am in the app, but that could just be me. it's nice to know I'm not alone!
Helps me track my migraines so me and my Dr. can better treat the condition.
It's been very helpful tracking my symptoms. I like the ability to add my own description. Now when I see all my doctor's I can give dates and times and what was going on type of info. I hope it all comes to a point when I don't have them as frequent. Thanks I love it
Use it weekly, nearly daily for tracking.  Plenty of information provided.  Very useful.
Very helpful
I like this app because it helped to keep track of my migraines without having to write unnecessarily when I'm already in pain. I just show the chart to my Dr and makes my appts with her easier and faster. No explanations needed or need to remember facts; they're right there.
I great help in keeping up with my migraines.
Would be good to be able to change the severity throughout the migraine and delete things to
Good ap for discovery tool.  It analysis all data and gives you different charts about your migraines.  For example,  average amount of sleep prior to migraine,  percentage of what time of a day migraines occur,  percentage of relief possibility of different treatments,  etc. Many nice functions.  Not perfect but much more complete than others.
I love having an easy way to document my migraines. I hope I can share my reports with my doctor to help narrow down my triggers. I would like an option to enter foods last eaten before the onset of a migraine, even if it it food groups like dairy, sweets, carbs, etc. I think that would help determine if food is a trigger.
Just started using...
Easy way to track for myself and doctors
Very convenient resource for keeping track of migraines.
MIGRAINE HEADACHES..it helps me and my doctor with the right treatment for my handling my pain
Keeps track of my migraines and what causes them.
Nice way to keep track of triggers and sleep. Need to use it for a while longer to identify my triggers for 5 stars
The will help me a lot..it been hard figuring out what the case is..
Keeping track has never been easier. I've had migraines for 10 years now and for the first time I'm seeing somewhat consistent patterns with causes and with what helps.
I love the way it keeps record of migraines, sleep, medicine and what works. It also has am confirmation of sleep helpful for  small headaches.
The best app I've found so far. I have chronic daily migraine,  never goes away only changes intensity. It would be nice to be able to track the intensity levels, but can't change it w/o changing the whole day. Also would be nice to track diet and weather information all in one place, more of a complete daily journal maybe broken down to morning noon and night... Otherwise like, the sleep tracker and the fact that you can customize triggers, meds etc...very user-friendly!
Still needs some tweeking but a good tool for daily tracking of migraines.
I like the UI. It is very easy to work with. Helped me realize that my medication was contributing to my headaches.
Great for tracking sleep etc.
Works well. Quite user friendly. Using to track my severe and long lasting migraines. Hopefully it is helpful when the headache lasts multiple days.. Wish the sleep tracker worked better but otherwise love this app. Has been extremely helpful especially with doctors and when ER is necessary. Thank you.
Good for tracking migraines and figuring out triggers that you had previously missed.
I wish it would sync with fitbit sleep tracking because the fitbit sleep tracking is much better than the apps, but other than that it's an amazing app
Easy to use
Great app. Very easy to use and thorough enough for doctors to see what's going on. I also have headache diary pro. However, I tend to use this app with its more friendly interface. Thank you.
I just started using this app. It is nice to have choices to track and document.
Never really knew how many times i've got migraines, now I do..
Easy to use
This app has helped me keep good records to share with my doctor. I would live to see my weather app linked. They have migraine predictions and I would like to see how closely their predictions sync with my migraines and vice versa.
This app is pretty good when used consistently. It's good for keeping track of headaches so that you can go back and have a better guess at what the cause is.
I like the fact that I can add in my own "triggers" or "helpers". There are some things that help me that were not listed and some symptoms or triggers that weren't there either. I wonder if those "other" entries are reported and - if they show up enough - if they eventually get added to the actual app? The only thing that I wish I had was the ability to note how much something helped. If I take Excedrin and it brings me from a 6 pain to a 4, that IS helpful. I realize I can just put that in the "notes" section, but I would like that to be correlated information so that I can see which activities consistently take the edge off, even if they don't erase the migraine entirely.
While I would appreciate more room to explain the rest of the day, since lifestyle affects triggers... it has been a very useful app to me. The sleep tracking has been very helpful to me, the details about the migraines that can be recorded. It's been very convenient in tracking this chronic problem. Migraines are awful; having some easy way to document them makes the stress much more bearable.
Great app for tracking head pains!
Keeps track of my migraines and what causes them.
Very helpful, weather is not correct when finding my location.  Otherwise it's very good
Simple and easy to use app.
An OK app, for whatever reason I find it difficult to use with consistency
Easy to use. Helps keep track of everything so I can show Doctor. More than I would remember to write down.
There needs to be a note section and more flexibility to remove and add triggers and remedies.
It is great. If you let me add when I took med and if I took the preventive med the night before that would help. But I do love it so far.
Easy to use and helpful tool to keep track of migraines.  Has helped me see what triggers most of them.
I found this app very easy to use and one thing I love about it is you can modify the information. I've seen some apps where you are stuck with the options they give you and it is very limited. NOT this app! I really like it so far!
Good so far. Easy and is helpful ng figure out my triggers
Great to import results into a pdf for doctors or yourself to keep on hand. Helpful. Wish it had a larger medication library so I didn't have to put in so much of my own information.
easy to use
very good app helps me with my headache x
very helpful
Wonderful. Very helpful
Would be good to add 'woke up with a migraine to the start time.
Good app, needs to be more personalised, like being able to monitor the ups and downs of the pain during a migraine. Otherwise fantastic.
Easy to use, has helped me identify triggers.
Great at helping me to understand my condition, could do with better medicine application
Pros: makes it super easy for me to share with my doctor what's been going on with my migraines as it's all in an easy-to-read calendar. The developers seem to be really conscious of meeting users' needs and continuously improving the app.  Cons: cannot track changes in migraine intensity. Also, what the heck happened to the graph in the sleep trend section? I can't find it anywhere. Now it all shows up in a table, which is not at all conducive to quickly seeing trends over time. Please fix.
Very helpful for helping to keep track of my migraines and what has worked to relieve them. So many useful features.
It helps me so much. I cannot always remember what I felt or how to describe it but the picture icons are perfect. Really shows me how much time I deal with the pain. Perfect documentation tool. Recommend by a Dr and I love it!
I use this often...my only suggestion is to have 0 pain scale for silent migraines, or describe a 1 as "headache,  not too painful, not sure it's a migraine"...
Easy to use. It's great to have the summary reports and charts.  I think a few features still have few bugs bit overall glad I am using it. It's been insightful.
Being able to track gives me irons I didn't know i had.  Love this app.
Quite nice to have an app to record all my migraine
Helpful app to keep track of my migraines and what reliefs I've tried (and more of course). My doctor found the information from the app "helpful and complete" when I sought treatment for them.
Would like to be able to keep track of different pain levels.. like if meds were somewhat effective and the pain lessens.
easy to use. helpful.
Great for keeping records for doctors
Keeping track has never been easier. I've had migraines for 10 years now and for the first time I'm seeing somewhat consistent patterns with causes and with what helps.
This is a great way to record my migraine.  Helpful when I see my doctor.  Only issue is recording increase or decrease in the migraines as the time goes by.  Other than that great app.
I have never been able to keep a migraine journal. This app is so easy to use & knows what questions a Dr would ask. Makes keeping up with my migraines much easier!
Mostly great.  It would be great if you could show changes to intensity during one entry. Also it was my neurologist that asked me to use this program...he actually loaded it ;)
Helpful app to track my migraine👍
I'm wondering if there's a link b/w my migraine and periods and would like to track both with the same app. I'm currently using Migraine Buddy for migraines and another app for periods. It'll be easy if their calendars could be merged, or if migraine buddy could track my periods too.
Helps me keep track of all my symptoms, and tracks and all of the different variables that affect my painful migraines.
So far this is helping me track my chronic migraines and recognize the triggers. It gets my sleep hours wrong every day and when I check no, it still accepts...but otherwise this app is awesome! I just go back in and delete the sleep time, then add the correct time. I was tracking my migraines with my calendar, but I forgot half the time. This app is so easy!
Early days for me, but I love the completeness of record and ability to add symptoms/treatments. Not sure yet how to use the reports - so will review those later when I have more data.
The app is great. I've been using it for a couple months. Would be nice to have a comment box for the migraine. For weird notes that aren't necessarily going to be common.
Great app that makes tracking easy. It was recommended to me by a pharmacist and has been useful in tracking lots of stats and attacks.
Had helped me tremendously., keep track of migraines
Amazing app...just can't seem to get the buddy part to work...
Comprehensive and easy to use. One click recording during an event, nice touch. Shame you can't pull in automatic sleep recording from Fitbit that would be 5 gold stars!
Super App. One feature I miss though is the possibility of plotting the intensity across the entire epiaode. It currently supports only the max intensity. The same with symptoms.
I really like this app, would give 5 stars if the weather was displayed in Fahrenheit and if it found your actual location. It finds me about 60 miles away from my location.
Works well for tracking symptoms and monitoring migraine frequency.
Good so far
A little simplistic but a good app for migraineurs
Allows me to easily track my migraines and share with doctors. Very easy to use.
Very helpful in identifying problematic areas with my migraines. Easy to use. Could use more information on reports. Different types of reports. Easier note taking on a daily basis would be good. Reminders for those of us with memory loss.
An app for us migraine sufferers has been long overdue.   This allows me to keep track of the important areas which affect my migraines.  Recording sleep snd weather absolutely crucial to planning for the future.
Really helpful in keeping track of attacks and symptoms.
Wonderful App
Good to track and monitor
Excellent  way to keep a regular record
It's a great app.  It's just frustrating that every time I add a new trigger the app crashes.  Please fix.
I experience all types of migraines and headaches. I like tracking them to show my doctor and find my triggers. I do wish that if I log into make a submission it will give me the option later to go through the submission step by step to make it easier to submit all of the information. Instead of submitting it all one by one in the summary portion.
Just a neat app. Also hope that the data created can help in headache research.  What I am missing are some specifications for tension-like headaches, which are less in attack form and rather in daily mood.
This app is the only one you can use while you have the migraine.the colors and buttons are easy on the eyes when you are in the grip of the migraine. If you cant answer all the questions, you can skip though. There are a few recommendations, have times for meds, place for notes, but overall, I really love this app.developers are super great!!!!
Good app. Could use milestones trackers, such as  pain zone migration, time track for meds, etc.
Good app
Great way to help you track your migraines. Options to add extra symptoms/treatment other than those listed. I found helpful in working out frequency and triggers.
Easy to use like the graphs to track
Very helpful  to track migraines. Gives status of migraine free days...automtically tracks sleep patterns if phone is not moves for an extended time...asks you to confirm and or edit.. you can add to choices of each catefory5of tracking info..welll thought out.
A better way of tracking migraines
Está genial poder controlar los ataques, el darles un nombre, el pensar en las causas... Pero es una app que usa mucha gente, se agradecerían más idiomas
Having a migraine today and just entering my details realised it's from the pressure of the weather change. Keep up with your improvements your helping us all. G
Good app to track my migraines
This has been great in helping me track headaches & gather info to report back to my doctor.
I really enjoy this app! I mainly use it to just track what and when so that when I go to a doctor I have all the basic information they usually would ask for. My migraine at the moment is all over the place so it's nice to have something where I can track what happened and where as I can start feeling one coming up. I also like the fact that the app takes into consideration other types of headaches  too, such as tension headache. Also the little encouragement when you're in pain, that's such a nice little detail! Doesn't make my head hurt less but does make me smile despite it!
Handy app to keep track of migraines and related info
It's ok, I'm hoping to find something I like a little better.
Really helpful in keeping track of attacks and symptoms.
My only recommendation is I wish there was a place to record what I ate to identify possible food triggers
This is really cool it helps me to keep track.
I really love how it tracks everything. The only thing I can't figure out is how to split up the days/hours. Some days I muscle through work some days I can't.
Really helpful app. It was really helpful to track down and see.
I'm terrible at writing things down and remembering what all I should  include. This App has it all. Only minor issues in regards to figuring it  out when you go back in after initial onset.
Great app to track my migraines!  Quick and easy.
Very easy to use and track!
Easy and helpful
Useful tool
Has some bugs like in bug reporting and also relief scale shuts app down when rating anything caffeine related.
This is the first app I've ever used to track. So far I like its a lot. Easy to use and I like that you can come back and complete if need be.
Design and user interface is great!  As a first time use of an app like this, it is great!
Love it. . But how do our van you change the intensity during a migraine?
So far so good
Love the app! My Doctor liked the analysis too. He said he would recommend to other patients. I like the variety of symptoms and the ability to add specific triggers. I'd love it the app had a notes capability. I'd like to keep track of medications. I have preventative meds I take and would like to enter them on days I don't have a migraine. That way when I seem my doctor he can also keep track of other things I take.
Great for tracking symptoms. Thanks for adding the weather feature; it helps me prep for tge migraine.
Only just downloaded this app, suffering  bad attack, and wanted something that I could effectively track it. Love the fact that the record stage is so in depth. So far it seems amazing
Good app
Covers everything I need to track, with my migraines, for my Doctor.
I just started using this app, it seems like it willbe helpful.    I love the way it asks everyday to record your sleep because i would forget to otherwise, but i wish the sleep record thing was a little different.  its a little diffacult to record my broken sleep habits, i sometimes  sleep for a few hours wake up for a few then need to go back to sleep , also it might be helpful if one of the migraine questions was about the weather, im thinking some of my migraines might be weather related
It's so easy to fill in when I have a headache. Easy to email to my doctor. Helped me to learn more about my migraines and offers choices that I would never have thought of. Only down side is that it takes alot of battery but I can live with that considering all the benefits.
Great app.
Good app
I do love this app however even though I have my settings to remind me to track my sleep, it no longer prompts me every morning. How do i get it to work again. Also is there a way of getting notification when my buddies message me?
So far seems easy to use and I like it got it to track my youngest child's  migraines but really wish it had an option for multiple profiles as I could  use it for me as well but I will just go find another app for myself
Really good, but it takes to much space
I like it to record such detailed information. I can't figure out how to print out summary information for my doctor
Easy to use.   Very helpful.
I am glad to have this tool, and it has been invaluable for use when discussing with my doctor. Wish I could turn off questions about menstruation since surgery makes that a non issue, and I don't like that it thinks I'm sleeping everyday I turn off the phone at work. Otherwise great
Been looking for an easy way to track headache for information for neurologists only down side is it does not interface with my samsung fit 2 to bull Hartrate  and water and cafieen intake and activity level
Recording the pain and keeping track of my meds is necessary. This app has been great. But it can't record your menstrual cycle day and that would be important.
I love migraine buddy over all other tracking apps, but it would be useful  to have the ability to add notes onto non-migraine days to track potential  triggers and other health related issues. Having to switch between migraine  buddy and other apps to see if there's connection between my blood pressure  and frequency of migraines, for example, is extremely difficult
I've started using this to track my headaches. I don't get migraines, but I do get headaches daily. Some of the prompts seem specific to migraines, so it's kinda weird. And often I'm tracking a headache from when I get up in the morning until I go to bed at night. (I use 'bug me later' a lot!) But it is helpful to make notes, and track pain levels and reliefs.
so far it been good. easy setup and easy to start tracking..hopefully this will help with my doctors
Would like to move to SD card. It would save space on my phone. Still have not done as of 10/15/15 Now that you have an update 10/15/15 your pop-up says you did updates needs to go after the 3rd time at the very least any more than that and it's just a pain in the butt to deal with I definitely have know wish to fool with during or after a migraine. As of now I have to back out of it every time I use it.
Definitely helps keep track of migraines for me and my doctor
Love it, even the colours are suitable for me. I can see just how bad I get in objective terms and am keep to support research too
Help when I go see the doctor I can send it to her so she have my latest migraines
Helps show triggers to be understand and treat migraines. Amazing app!
Very interesting and opened my eyes to more triggers. Will continue to use and learn new aspects of tracking.
I really like this app i just wish u didn't have to constantly be on it i wish u could set reminders for yourself
Would like the option to put more details in, but it's good.
I've only used the app about 5 times but seems to be good so far.
Love all the info that can be gathered from the app!
Thanks so much for this free app it is very helpful in keeping track of these terrible headaches, this information will be helpful for my doctor to better treat these chronic migraines.
it's been very helpful to see what might trigger these episodes.
I like the summaries so I can keep track of my headaches and sleep.
A great tool for tracking migraine  and sleep patterns. The log entry reminders are great and unobtrusive. Simple and attractive interface to pinpoint triggers, relief methods and weather conditions concisely generated into a report format offering a better understanding of all that may or may not encompass a migraine.
Great app for recording migraines
I like the idea of this new function but it says tension and cluster headaches will no longer be recorded, migraines only. I want to be able to track both to get a better picture of when both occur.. Can you please add this? That's my 5 star request, if I may. :)       --   Otherwise, I REALLY LOVE THIS APP!! It charts and graphs your info so you better understand your  migraine habits. It's great to quickly track a migraine with a "bother me later" option for if you can't look at your phone.
This is the first-time I have used an app like this so it was really easy to understand how to log my migraines.  The one thing I need help with is getting a report for my doctor I need it for my medication insurance. I have tried everyday from Sunday to get a copy of one save requesting one from the company itself. I was just hoping I could have faster feed back.
The sleep sensing isn't too acurate, but that's about the only thing I could see that was troublesome.
Great tracker app
Love this app but, the new pressure monitor has temp in celcius...I live in USA.
I have started using this recently and i might just work out a few things about my migraines.  Impressed how easy it is to use. It might be slightly more effective if there were an optional food diary attached.
I always have my phone on me,  not so much a journal or computer. Hopefully this will let me track headaches so I can be free of them. There is an option to add your own triggers and help. I'm hoping this works.
I installed the app while in the midst of day 3 of a migraine. I'm needing to track my migraines for my doctor. I left it open as the migraine hasn't ended and the notification that I need to complete my migraine entry is annoying me. I'd love to be able to turn that notification feature off. I uninstalled the app, I don't feel like dealing with that on my screen constantly for the duration of this migraine as my last one last month was 11 days.
Great app..very useful.
I use this often...my only suggestion is to have 0 pain scale for silent migraines, or describe a 1 as "headache,  not too painful, not sure it's a migraine"...
This app is easy even with a headache. Especially with added weather input. I've been looking for this for a while.
Only got this last night while on shift. And only my started using it, hopefully it will help me track my migraines. Only thing about it is that there should be somewhere on it where you could put how many meds you took and what time you took them to see if the meds are working or not also won't let me put in my sleeping chart if I have slept in the day as I work night.
It's good, helping me discover the cause of my migraines.
This gives me an excellent way to log my migraines and keep track of what's bringing them on. Whether my medication works. And helps to tell my doctor how I'm doing with them.
great app and easy to use!
This app is very helpful in tracking my migraines and seeing what  contributes to its duration and intensity.
The only thing I would change is, being able to add a profile...my daughter has migraines also and it would be nice to track her as well.
This is helpful.
This is a great app that works incredibly well, is easy to use and makes monitoring headaches very easy. Sadly the last update brings a permanent notification regarding the sleep time monitor. The sleep monitor has been a great feature for years, but why we need a permanent notification on our devices now is anyones guess. Please allow us to swipe the notification away or not have it at all.
Have gone through all of the steps in Google's troubleshooter but it still will not install.
The best migraine tracking app I've found so far, and I'm only using the free version.  Only complaints so far are that it is not easy to figure out how to change medications and other settings once you set them up without deleting them, but not a huge problem so far. Good job on the app!
I'm still learning to use this app, but I think its great so far. I wanted to start keeping track of my migraines, and this app is perfect.
👍👍👍nice
Edited: Thank you for the code. I like it so far. I'll update after I use it.
Very useful. Easy to use. I wish there was a dark mode to make it easier to  make notes when light sensitive.
Thorough. Helpful at noticing patterns and triggers.
Its very helpful for my nerologist
Very helpful for helping to keep track of my migraines and what has worked to relieve them. So many useful features.
Haven't used enough yet to know for sure but it's looking good so far
I really like this app, I would like to be able to record how much medication was taken on each migraine day to be able to record pain intensity for each migraine day.  Other than that it is very helpful!  I can't wait to go to the doctor and show her my results so we can find a medication that will work better.  Thank you for this great health tool!
THE ACTIVE SLEEP DETECTION NOTIFICATION WONT GO AWAAAAY. I love this feature but make the notification go away please. I dont want to put it in manually but notes baaaaad. Otherwise great app 👍
Great for keeping track,  but sleep detection is not working,  not sure why, but it used to.
Very easy to use and track!
I feel like the creators of this app really understand migraines
It would be nice if the app would track meals as well as allowing for parents to track their own migraines with their children's migraines.
A fabulously useful app but would be so much better if it incorporated a foods diary so that if there are food links with my migraine they can be spotted easier. There is a my triggers section but this only helps if you know what your food triggers are rather than seeing a pattern with things you didn't realise were a problem.
Perfect app for tracking your migraine. It's simple to use and to get a general view of the migraine, triggers...
Very helpful tracking migraine symptoms and attacks
Would be good to add 'woke up with a migraine to the start time.
So far I like it. You do need to add the option of hysterectomy and menopause in period status. Hysterectomies can be partial or full. Might want to add hormones pills, injections or implants info.
Better than others that I've tried, no complaints just compliments
It is very helpful with keeping up with my migraines. Easy access because its on my phone.
good. helps me track my attacks. also a good record. helps my doc with information
Tracks me every time
This app has been wonderful in helping keep track of my headaches and sleep. Best way to track and even has a way to give you a report to show to your doctor, which is awesome!
I love this app! I have been using it for several months now. I have chronic migraines that can last from hours to weeks. The simplicity of this app is wonderful. The ability to customize it to suit your needs is a huge plus. Due to the sometimes lengthy nature of my migraines, I need an app that lets me record what meds I've taken and when. I need this to be accurate to avoid complications and rebound. Right now, this app does not have a simple way to do that. Add this, you've got 5 stars!!
I'm so thankful I was introduced to this app. It has helped so much.
I enjoy having my log for the doctor's office.
I've suffered from Chronic Migraines and Transformed Migraine Syndrome for the past 16 years, and this is by far the most helpful tool I've found for recording migraines! Love all of the different features!
Very helpful. Awesome to see the statistics!
Sometimes hard to log in the middle of a migraine.  But, nice to see the reports. Very useful! App makes it very easy  but in the pain, I wait to record. I forget somethings so I love the reminders Like when time overlaps.
Been looking for an easy way to track headache for information for neurologists only down side is it does not interface with my samsung fit 2 to bull Hartrate  and water and cafieen intake and activity level
I really like this app. It is right on the mark. I just wish it would record the regular headaches. I end up recording them with a lower intensity. But that is ok. It has helped me a lot
I think this app is great! Still needs more input options but it is very good. A middle of attack spot for changes would be grate and a more accurate way to input were the pain is and how the pain is, are my sugestions.
This app is easy to use and very helpful in identifying triggers.
Not very user friendly when it comes to adding friends. But I like the reminder.
This has been so helpful in tracking my migraines and finding patterns. The  reports are useful & presented in an easily digestible way.
Now i yave a good buddy to tell me.. 💖
Great to see how my migraines are going
This app is helpful
I just started using so I'm not sure but it seems like it covers everything.
Pretty good. Although I am still having trouble figuring out my triggers! But i can send my records to my doctor to help with treatment
Good to track and monitor
Don't get me wrong, I really like this app... I just hope to help improve it.  Need to be able to edit added fields and/or delete them.  Also, you cannot assume one either works or goes to school only.  Phrasing seems awkward: "You are having migraine for X minutes now"
I love the options offered for monitoring and tracking my headaches, it allows me to provide so much more detail than I would have thought of on my own, to help me figure out my triggers, best remedies,  sleep patterns,  etc.
I have this app on an ipod and an android device. One notes the lunar phase while the other checks the actual weather. There are a few other differences but overall it is a very useful app.  I would give 5 Stars if the same options were on both devices.
Didn't realize how often I got them until my doctor recommended me to keep a diary and sometimes I forget to log my sleep, but for the most part it's nice  to keep a log. Hope I can connect my Moov Now
Easy to use, would give it 5 stars but the weather portion does not work in my area.
It helps me to track my migraine attack but it is better if you add food diary to detect triggers
My doctor told me to start tracking. This seems like an easy app to do so.
This app is easy even with a headache. Especially with added weather input. I've been looking for this for a while.
very good app helps me with my headache x
Such a great app for tracking my migraines, it's helped me find some triggers and helps me control them. Would be 5 stars if I could change the pain intensity during a migraine as its not a constant pain level
Very helpful tool
MIGRAINE HEADACHES..it helps me and my doctor with the right treatment for my handling my pain
It's a great app to keep track of my migraines although there's still some room for improvement. It would be great if the app could pull data from my Fitbit Charge, which already tracks my sleep and in a much more accurate way than using the app's sleep detection. Also not sure if it's a bug but the alert about the new features in the app keeps popping up whenever I go to a new section in the app. But great job, hoping for more in terms of integration with other health trackers!
It is is a great tracker. It does take one or two tries to not accidentally  reset a headache start time or other input, but once you get going, it is  fantastic. It interfaces with a sleep detection device to track sleep and  let's you log a headache but postpone the data entry until after the  headache is gone.
Great to track my episodes, triggers,  my diary to show my Dr. So when can come up with a working solution.
Now I can track when, where, how long I have a magraine. The only thing is I have migraines in the stomach, and there's no location for the stomach. I know migraines in the stomach is usually linked with children, but it would be nice if people with migraines in the stomach can track the location of it. But thank you for this great app.
Not having any problems with the functionality of the app, and the tracker is pretty good. Glad to have the option of adding things because the default app doesn't include all of my triggers or remedies.
It's a good app for tracking headaches and intensity of them. I really like the weather and notes features.
An extremely easy and stress free way to log all my migraines and sleep patterns for my doctors appointments  in great detail! I personally suffer with daily chronic migraine syndrome and get migraines everyday but the severity changes daily, so the only thing I would change on the app would be the ability to record constant migraines with changing symptoms. Which currently you can only do either separate occurrences or constant ones with the same symptoms. But fantastic little device :-)
I like this app and im hoping it helps me to figure out my migraines so I can get them under control.
this app is great. it helps me track my migraines which helps my doctor and I find the best treatment options.
It is a nice tracker and well thought out. Even though i understand that you should be paid and programming is time consuming, I wish it didn't cost so much. Thanks for all the time spent coding it and for allowing some of it to be free.
Good app for tracking
Good so far. Would be good to input on non migraine days. Might help to eliminate triggers etc
Still really love this app but with my new phone it no longer automatically registers my sleep.
Easy to use and helpful tool to keep track of migraines.  Has helped me see what triggers most of them.
I love how it describes the different pain levels.  I would like if we could enter multple pain levels though.  My pain levels change during an attack, and it would be good to be able to reflect the different levels and length of time of those levels.  It would also be nice to indicate if you have taken multiple doses of medications, and at what point you took them. Other than that, it has been a very useful app.
Clean UI and great UX. It would be nice if you could -  1. Update for tracking specific food habits as possible triggers. 2. Record varying intensity of pain during the  span of a migraine.  3. The sharing of reports via email is not proper. Please also look into this.  Otherwise, it's a great app to track and record migraines. Good job!!
Great app. Helps me keep migraine-free for a long time. Thank you!
Disappointed by the fact that it keeps running in the background though I have disabled sleep tracking.I stop it manually and it keeps restarting.the app is quite ok but for the time I spend to give all this input information I would expect much more visual outcome.so there is still space for improvement.I will revisit in the future maybe.
Great at helping me to understand my condition, could do with better medicine application
Super App. One feature I miss though is the possibility of plotting the intensity across the entire epiaode. It currently supports only the max intensity. The same with symptoms.
It's very helpful. Has helped me track and see certain things that help and make head worse.
There is no setting where you can choose if you got an aura or prodrome but the pain isn't there or not there yet. You should be able to track symptoms separate so that you can learn what your symptoms are
It doesn't get a 5 star from me because of the requests it sends me to confirm ridiculous sleeps from about 7:55 am to 9:30-ish.Took me a while to realize this is the time between the 8 o'clock staff arriving and hanging up her coat, which jostles mine with my phone in the pocket, and the time when I put my coat back on to go on my break, again moving my phone. Basically it tracks when my phone is idle and motionless and decides there is no other explanation for this fact but unconsciousness. If you want to know if I had a nap, try designing the app to just ask me that.
I love how it tracks my sleep and let's me know how long I have been migraine free.
Would like to be able to keep track of different pain levels.. like if meds were somewhat effective and the pain lessens.
I'm able to go into my doctor and say see this is how many migraines I am having and when and maybe that will help them help me. So thank you. I also like the sleep tracker, not sure how the auto detection works but I like the feature.
Helpful in keeping track of attacks and possibly triggers.
Love being able to track my migraines and what helps and doesnt
Use this frequently as I suffer from migraines 15-20x a month
Not enough information yet for reporting but I like the options.
Great app for recording migraines
This app is helpful
Tracks your sleep and migraine cycles along with other stuff to help you figure out why or what to avoid, specific to you. You can choose to be part of a study. Handy app, recommended by a friend and useful for taking to a GP if you are asked to track it.
Very helpful
This migraine tracker is the best I've used. It covers everything I can think of related to migraines and compiles your information into relevant, useful reports for you and your doctors.
Helps keep track of sleep patterns to see if that is the trigger I am able to list what I felt, what I tried, what worked and what didn't.
I don't often get migraines but I have headaches multiple times per week and this is a great way to track them. Far better than any headache tracker I've tried even if not all the fields apply. I can show this to my doctor now.
I wish it had the option to remove  the "menstrual " category.
I think you should be able to edit the pain of a headache/migraine as time goes on. Mine usually start out mild but increase in severity as time goes on.
Helps me track my migraines so me and my Dr. can better treat the condition.
So far I'm tracking headaches & migraines. Very helpful
Helpful with discovering what doesn't trigger(extremely helpful). Sleep sensor kills my phone. Can't use it.
Could use a few more symptom and activity options, and medications, but I love that you can add your own. Just wondering if the information is used for anything research wise. Might be useful.
The app concept is great, and it does a great job of helping you identify migraine triggers and reliefs.  I highly recommend trying it out if you suffer from migraines.  My only complaint would be how slow it is when launching and saving.  That's minor in perspective of what it does.
Please could you add a button for waking in the night. My daughter has a lot of migraines and when I add her sleep it would be nice if I could fill in the times that she wakes through the night... (usually 2/3times)
Just started using this app and it's the best one I've ever used to track  migraines
Great design, easy-to-use.  Love how it tracks my sleep for me by last and first time I used my phone - AWESOME.    Ideas for other helpful things to include in functionality: 1) Some headaches last all day or are small pains on and off, which I need to track.  This is difficult to do with the time function - is there a way to make this optional so you can record all-day pain? 2) My doc wants me to record  exercise, weather, hydration and food, which I do in the notes, but could be other categories to fill out for a cleaner report.  3) Would be awesome to have an account that I could fill out on a computer or a tablet too, sometimes typing a lot on my phone is annoying.  But I am LOVING IT.  Definitely the best headache diary I've seen!
I love how I can designate the difference in pain, I know migraines run at different levels so saying yes or no to a migraine isn't enough here I can rank the pain
Very useful for tracking migraines
This app makes it so easy to record my (nearly daily) migraines!  I'm finally going to have some data for my doctor.  Love it!
I think it is great the only down side is the sleep recorder never works its always says it did not record last night sleep
Helps me find some triggers
Should have ability to record changes in migraine. They don't always have the same pain level or symptoms during the attack.
I live with headaches, so when I was told to keep a headache and sleep log for a neuro appr I instantly looked for an app. Easy to use. A few enhancements with time tracking and effectiveness of interventions make data tracking even better so less time putting in these notes.
Just downloaded app. Great so far. Only complaint, doesn't let me enter my correct birthday.
I wish I can scan the barcode of medication I use to add them into database
Very user friendly, even in the midst of one of my migraines. It is really informative and eye opening especially towards reigning down causes and remedies for my migraines.
The only thing I would change is, being able to add a profile...my daughter has migraines also and it would be nice to track her as well.
Tracking and recording meds triggers a big plus
Very helpful.  I just answer the questions and don't have to think too much.  Which is the last thing you want to do with a migraine!
A better way of tracking migraines
As long as you log your sleep feelings etc. You can work with it.
It is is a great tracker. It does take one or two tries to not accidentally  reset a headache start time or other input, but once you get going, it is  fantastic. It interfaces with a sleep detection device to track sleep and  let's you log a headache but postpone the data entry until after the  headache is gone.
Great app for tracking migraines. However I wish the sleep tracker would  work again. It was a really handy feature but then one day it just stopped
There needs to be a note section and more flexibility to remove and add triggers and remedies.
So far I like it. You do need to add the option of hysterectomy and menopause in period status. Hysterectomies can be partial or full. Might want to add hormones pills, injections or implants info.
I love the options offered for monitoring and tracking my headaches, it allows me to provide so much more detail than I would have thought of on my own, to help me figure out my triggers, best remedies,  sleep patterns,  etc.
Thorough. Helpful at noticing patterns and triggers.
Great app. I just started tracking my frequent migraines and this is a really convenient way to see how often they occur and what's triggering them. I like that I can track my symptoms and what helped as well. I do wish it was easier to change the end time (sometimes I think my migraine is gone and then I move and realize it's still there) and that it wasn't such a drain on my battery.
It's a great app.  It's just frustrating that every time I add a new trigger the app crashes.  Please fix.
I have severe migrains and this app helps me track them for my future doctors appointments
This is fantastic for logging headaches and migraines
Its very helpful for my nerologist
Seems rather extensive at tracking possible triggers but seems to lack functionality of tracking the progression of pain during the migraine. Variation in position and intensity of pain is quite important to track every 2 to 4 hours to better understand what could be the source of the pain.
Easy to use to keep track of my migraines. My last appointment with my neurologists she told me to track my migraine, possible triggers etc etc. This takes up no space and has things that I would never have though to include in my tracking them. Thanks for the app.
Very detailed recording. Will work well for tracking migraine/headaches.
Needed something to start keeping my daily migraines. The only drawback is it doesn't ask if the pain decreases at any point. Other then that, can't wait to show my new docs at Mayo progress
Not enough information yet for reporting but I like the options.
Clean UI and great UX. It would be nice if you could -  1. Update for tracking specific food habits as possible triggers. 2. Record varying intensity of pain during the  span of a migraine.  3. The sharing of reports via email is not proper. Please also look into this.  Otherwise, it's a great app to track and record migraines. Good job!!
Keeps track of headaches. Help your Dr and your self
But this app deserves a great one. Very helpful and detailed in tracking migraines. I recommend it to everyone who needs a good way to track their headaches and triggers.
Recommend for anyone who suffers from migraines!
I've been using this app for about a month and find it useful for keeping track of all my migraines.  Would like the option to delete added causes. Made a mistake adding a cause.
I love this app as I sometimes find it difficult to sum up pain and frequency to my doctor and have struggled to pin down my triggers for years! I especially love the weather feature as I have long suspected the weather plays a part in my migraines. The only thing this app is missing is a widget that i could pin to my home screen for easy access!
Need write in section
So far very easy to use,  hoping longer usage will show trends like it's supposed to. I've only had one migraine,  and 2 days since i set it up. Seems to kill my battery in 4 hours though.
Good app
This app has helped me so much. Would like to be able to put in time medicines were taken and pain level at that time. But other than that best headach log I've found
Great app..very useful.
Easy to use, has helped me identify triggers.
This is really cool it helps me to keep track.
Handy way to collect and record detailed info on my migraines. Also great to analyse my sleep patterns.
Have trigeminal nueroligy bad head aches
Many great aspects to help monitor what's happening but as others have said the sleep tracker keeps stopping.  If that worked consistently then I'd have given the full 5 stars.
This app is so easy to use! It's pretty step by step.
ShaRon Carter
Great application. Tracks and keeps up with migraine headaches and offers good information and advice via their Q and A and chat.
Helps show triggers to be understand and treat migraines. Amazing app!
Great help.
A great tool for tracking migraine  and sleep patterns. The log entry reminders are great and unobtrusive. Simple and attractive interface to pinpoint triggers, relief methods and weather conditions concisely generated into a report format offering a better understanding of all that may or may not encompass a migraine.
Really good tracker but it does drain your battery fast
it helps track your sleep and when you get migraines as well as times for each.
The only thing i don't like is you can't keep track of changes in intensity and symptoms by time, only cumulatively.
I really like the app. It is very helpful and good for managing migraines and sleep habits. My one comppaint is that it is a very large app and all of it takes up space on phone storage. I have very little space on my phone so it really helps when part of the app data can be stored on an SD card.
Love it!
Comprehensive and easy to use. One click recording during an event, nice touch. Shame you can't pull in automatic sleep recording from Fitbit that would be 5 gold stars!
I'm sure there is room for improvement. I will let you know what I think later.
Thank you
Very helpful and easy to use
I've only been using this app for a couple of weeks,  great way to track my headaches and hopefully will figure out what's triggering them
Really good one.  For some reason my daily tracker notification is not working accurately.  Could You help me in correcting it?
This app is becoming more thorough.
Useful info, especially related to weather, identifying triggers and learning how many other users have similar paths. I'm looking forward to sharing the reports with my doctors. This tracker really captures the true impact headaches have on my life.  Thank you!
Very useful for tracking migraines and headaches. I have been getting tension headaches for quite some time now, but have not been able to put my finger on many aspects of how they are triggered, how long they normally last, or what I did to make them go away quickly. The only con would be the load time to open the app. Sometimes it just loads forever so I have to close it and then open it up again and hope it works the second go round. But when I does work, it's great. Works well for my sleep patterns too.
I've used migraine apps for years now. This is my favorite so far.  Ive had doctors, disability lawyers & disability judges asking for migraine records. Ive had complicated chronic migrains for 10+ years. I love the flexability of this app. The only option i would like to see, is to track the changes in my pain levels and possibly even the times i decide to try a new relief. Ive been tracking this in the notes, which works, Thank You. A better file extract option would be nice, it seems a bit messy now.
The will help me a lot..it been hard figuring out what the case is..
The app is designed nicely and very thorough. However, I wish it could connect to other apps though, such as Garmin Connect or (Jawbone) UP - that way, sleep would be imported from them to Migraine Buddy. Or connect to MyFitnessPal and import sodium/water intake.
I like the reports generated  & symptoms & triggers etc
Helped me to identify and therefore avoid triggers. Great app.
I wish I could log times I take meds, and times I try relief techniques. Also a "Back" function when you are initially logging a headache. Great for tracking.
When I am at work, I don't use my phone so it thinks I have been sleeping. I wish there was a button or something to say I am at work instead of it thinking I am sleeping besides that it is great.
I really enjoy this app! I mainly use it to just track what and when so that when I go to a doctor I have all the basic information they usually would ask for. My migraine at the moment is all over the place so it's nice to have something where I can track what happened and where as I can start feeling one coming up. I also like the fact that the app takes into consideration other types of headaches  too, such as tension headache. Also the little encouragement when you're in pain, that's such a nice little detail! Doesn't make my head hurt less but does make me smile despite it!
The app is great. I've been using it for a couple months. Would be nice to have a comment box for the migraine. For weird notes that aren't necessarily going to be common.
Helps keep track so it's helpful with doctors. Wish it cured them too...lol
So far I am enjoying the features. Thank you
Easy to use, easy to customize, clearly designed by people who understand migraines!
Great for tracking sleep etc.
Great app for tracking head pains!
Great app but I would like to be able to transfer data to the SD card
Great app overall.  Only complaint is it doesn't load my weather.
The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because it harasses me every day about what hours I slept. I don't need a sleep tracker I need a migraine tracker. The iheadache app was better but I have an android phone now and can't use it. This one is the best android migraine app I've found.
Finding an application to document these unpleasant events that did not cause further frustrations was difficult.   It had good reviews and after using to build my history from a note pad notes I find it really easy to use.
Easy to use, and i like that it is so easy to track sleep.  I think some grey area choices would be helpful,  like "sort of helped" for meds or sleep etc, plus choices for menstruation imminent,  here, just over, to help you pin down timing of onset. But overall,  really good app, thanks healint!
I've always had trouble remembering essential information about my migraines. This app will ensure that everything my doctor needs is right at my fingertips! I'd give it 5 stars if it were compatible with my Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4!
This is really cool it helps me to keep track.
Definitely useful
This app definitely helps me keep up with my migraine symptoms. I would like to see a few more symptoms and relief icons. It's also nice to get a quick message that says get well.
Very easy to use!!
I would prefer if the app didn't tell me how long I've had the migraine. I like seeing how long I've been migraine free though.
It helps me and my doctors keep track of my headaches and migraines.
I have been looking for something to help keep my doctor informed and this app has all the questions he asks and you can add things I'm a category if its not previously listed. Wish it had better sleep detection that would be amazing (but a phone app can only do so much!) but over all I am very pleased
I have suffered for years. Other than knowing they stem from a brain disease, I've never understood my other triggers. This app is great for that. I've also have had a hard time explaining the severity to my doctor. Now I can show him. Highly recommend this app!
Keeping track has never been easier. I've had migraines for 10 years now and for the first time I'm seeing somewhat consistent patterns with causes and with what helps.
Really helpful app with THE BEST design interface by far of any health tracking app.  The only reason it isn't 5 stars is because it's missing a few key items that would really help.  One is the ability to classify the headache / migraine (if you know what type)  - Eg., a hemiplegic migraine vs sinus headache. 2nd is to be able to add other medical issues - maybe have a customizable section for "other" to record things like vertigo attacks (from Menier's) that may have occurred without a migraine.
I like that you can track your sleep, but wish you could also rate how well you slept. Another thing I like is being able to choose more than one location for where the migraine begins. Mine do change location and intensity sometimes during a migraine and would like to note that as well; instead of writing an essay in the notes section trying to keep track of all this. And maybe a way to also track how the migraine starts; such as if it started as a tension headache or a mild normal headache and escalated.
Wish I could easily track changes in pain level through long migraines, as well as date/time/medications taken throughout.
Great app but would appreciate multiple users for example to add kids
It had been a great tool to help log my migraines/severe headaches.
Food... Or lack there of can be a huge trigger. I would love to see a food tracker added, not just having foods in the triggers.  Just started using this and I like it so far.
This is a great app for tracking migraines. It's helped me to focus on what my warning signs are for migraines and jump on them quickly to help reduce pain intensity as well as total migraine duration. I only give it 4 stars though because I really wish there was an easier way to track the ramp up and ramp down of a migraine, pain intensity changes, and times that medicines were taken. Otherwise, wonderful app!
I really like this app, its easy to use and has lots of options to help figure out triggers and help me remember when I've taken medication (headaches make it hard to think straight sometimes). 👍🏼👍🏼
Great way for me to track my headaches and to show my Dr. So he can better treat me.
Helpful, but during a migraine it's too much. I like the concept, but find  myself using it less and less because my migraines are so frequent and it  takes so long to record the info. The info that is compiled is great for  discussing with the doc and tracking with this app is super helpful.
Very good app
An app for us migraine sufferers has been long overdue.   This allows me to keep track of the important areas which affect my migraines.  Recording sleep snd weather absolutely crucial to planning for the future.
They're seeking to do a lot with this app, so some of the functionality can be clunky. However, I find it incredibly supportive & thorough as a tool to help track migraine & neuralgia, as well as a great tool to use to communicate with care providers in a more efficient & reliable way than simply memory. Also find it very validating to see how other folks experience certain symptoms that I came to think of as "abnormal," & generally just the sense of not being one in this disorder.
Helpful with discovering what doesn't trigger(extremely helpful). Sleep sensor kills my phone. Can't use it.
Good app
Only got this last night while on shift. And only my started using it, hopefully it will help me track my migraines. Only thing about it is that there should be somewhere on it where you could put how many meds you took and what time you took them to see if the meds are working or not also won't let me put in my sleeping chart if I have slept in the day as I work night.
This app helps me track and identify my different headache types.
Great app. Makes tracking so convenient. Would be 4 star if it somehow was able to tracker weather as well as sleep
It's pretty detailed & detects when you're asleep which is good. Still learning how to use it. Could do with a menstruation calendar.
I really like this app, its easy to use and has lots of options to help figure out triggers and help me remember when I've taken medication (headaches make it hard to think straight sometimes). 👍🏼👍🏼
Great migraine tracker.  I use it all the time.
Great app. Very easy to use and thorough enough for doctors to see what's going on. I also have headache diary pro. However, I tend to use this app with its more friendly interface. Thank you.
This is very helpful in tracking patterns. I finally uninstalled it tho only because my migraines are under control (for now) may use it again in the future
I like being able to record how I'm feeling. Very intuitive interface. Love it more the longer I use it. I love the sympathetic comments when I tell it I don't feel good helps me feel like I'm getting a little sympathy without complaining to family and friends.
Good options for taking many factors for migraines, and easy to use while having one; easy to recognize pictures, and easy to follow steps. Pattern tracking is fabulous. Has some factors I hadn't considered for my own migraines. Very useful app!
I really like the new calendar graph. I can easily see how my sleep is effecting my migraines.
Hope this helps out!
It works for me but I wish there was a way to note the change in pain intensity.
It works amazing but I'd love to see a new icon and a better design at the main screen. :)
Helps me keep track of my headaches. Works awesome.
This app has really helped me out. I have chronic migraines and I usually know when I'm going to get one from this app. I do have trouble with it loading a lot. It updated yesterday and didn't log my sleep and I couldn't log it myself because it wouldn't load.
While I've only just started using this app and wish I could record  headaches as well as migraines. Maybe we can like I said I've only  misstated using this app and I'm still learning its functions but do far it  has been a help in helping me record information for my doctor do together  we might be able to treat me with a better out come than a headache or  migraine everyday
I'm still learning to use this app, but I think its great so far. I wanted to start keeping track of my migraines, and this app is perfect.
Didn't like this app to start with but has greatly improved. My migraines aren't text book and symptoms, pain and everything else that goes with it are erratic so it's great that you can add and remove things as needed. Probably alot more you could add but that will come in time I am sure. Medication calender would be very useful. Will be interesting to look at my stats when I've logged more info and so much easier than keeping a paper diary.
This is great for tracking your migraines and headaches. I've been able to show more detail to my doctor. It is very easy to use and very detailed. I do wish you could track your migraine progress. Example, the app should ask how you're feeling after X amount of time and allow for additional info to be added I stead of replacing what you already recorded.
I love just being able to quickly jot everything down before I crash, and  it helps me keep track of medication, fluids and sleep on top of being a  brilliant migraine tracker ❤️ **Five stars when you explain/fix the sleep  tracker not tracking Saturday nights**
I love this app. The only reason I cannot give it five stars is that there is no way to vary the intensity of a migraine during the life of the migraine. I have to stop and start migraines constantly because mine vary in intensity throughout the life of one. However I have chronic migraines that can last days or weeks. This app is AMAZING. Anyone with migraines should download it immediately.
It's good for keeping track. Triggers are still not easy to figure out.
Is there was a way to add changes throughout attacks (mine usually last days) i would give 5 stars. Like the ability to time stamp when meds were taken, when different symptoms start and stop, pain scale ect. That would make this app perfect.
Great app. Very easy to use and thorough enough for doctors to see what's going on. I also have headache diary pro. However, I tend to use this app with its more friendly interface. Thank you.
Help when I go see the doctor I can send it to her so she have my latest migraines
I really enjoy the app
Yes, you must get a special user code to use this app. The process could not be easier to get one and its completely worth it! This has to be the first USEFUL app I have found to track my migraines. It is easily to use. Helps you find triggers, shows you patterns, and lets you repeatedly visit and change entries. I wish it had a place to free text with each entry so I could jot down personal notes at times, but overall this has been a major help!
Helpful in tracking triggers and relief.
Helpful app to track my migraine👍
Definitely helps keep track of migraines for me and my doctor
I like this app for migraine/headache tracking. It's very easy to use and is extremely beneficial in storing info. It has start and end times, duration, severity, triggers, medications, moods, etc. It's customisable to add your own. However, it needs a few improvements. The font size is too small and can't be enlarged, the font color is barley visable. I love how it tells you to get better soon!! I do recommend this app if you suffer from migraines/headaches. You can use it for other health issues too.
This is an excellent tracker! There are so many options that you can put into it. And it's a great way to see what some of my triggers might be and trying to establish a pattern to look out for. Now if only I could remember to enter the 'daily tracker' info, I'd probably have even better reports in the app! 😉
This is a great app to help me track my migraines...  It's been so helpful.
Would love to be able to track broken sleep better. Other than that, this app is extremely useful, and I'd definitely recommend it.
Great to import results into a pdf for doctors or yourself to keep on hand. Helpful. Wish it had a larger medication library so I didn't have to put in so much of my own information.
A really useful tracking tool
This is great, I just wish I could find a migraine tracker that included a food log, in case food I eat is a trigger, I have them written down and I can start seeing if I ate a certain food the same day I got a headache. Otherwise, awesome app. I love the charts and step by step process.
It is a nice tracker and well thought out. Even though i understand that you should be paid and programming is time consuming, I wish it didn't cost so much. Thanks for all the time spent coding it and for allowing some of it to be free.
This is the best migraine app I have tried. The sections all correspond with all the questions my doc wants to know about. My only problem is remembering to use it when I have a migraine 😊
I love this app for tracking attacks and the team are constantly listening to users to help with new features. The report view is great for showing the neuro or GP. One thing it is missing for me is the ability to track stand alone headache days as well as migraine
Just downloaded and think I'm going to LOVE it. I REALLY need this app! THANK YOU! !!
I really like this app. It's awesome
So far, it's pretty good.  A little too specific in some areas, but lookimg at the feedback and seeing responses from healint makes me feel better knowing someone is listening.
I would like the option to add some medical history that could be aggravating factors. examples: menopause, fibromyalgia etc
I have this app on an ipod and an android device. One notes the lunar phase while the other checks the actual weather. There are a few other differences but overall it is a very useful app.  I would give 5 Stars if the same options were on both devices.
Works well for tracking symptoms and monitoring migraine frequency.
app works great, I wish there was a way to input my own triggers, cuz I know mine.  But for figuring out triggers, it's great! Tracking migraines is a breeze
I loke it so far it does want i need
I great help in keeping up with my migraines.
Helpful
Migraines are a Holy Terror!  This app makes it easy to track the terror!
I'm terrible at writing things down and remembering what all I should  include. This App has it all. Only minor issues in regards to figuring it  out when you go back in after initial onset.
Would like an option to remove certain questions that never apply.  The pain scale needs more customization because most of us still function at Higgins pain levels.
Seems great. Loved the hang in there comment with migraine... such a lonely disease was nice when suffering! The little things...
Just started using this app.  Finding it very helpful for tracking migraines.  I like you can add to the different answers you give about your migraine.
This app has help me realize what has been causing my migraine headaches an how to prevent. Didnt notice how many I was having till this app help me keep track. Thank you so much! # journeytobetterdays
Just wish it had a backup and restore feature.
It's got lots if features, but it's really really slow (always synchronizing) even on a high-end phone. Also, weather tracking doesn't really work (it should use the last location), nor the long-term preventive medication tracking.
Helps track migraines, triggers and the how long they last. With other  added options. It's a great app. But I would like a feature where I can  change the intensity of the migraine from day to day when it last more than  one day.
Love how it helps with tracking sleep, and makes you think about how you could try preventing some headaches.
I like this app and im hoping it helps me to figure out my migraines so I can get them under control.
Excellent, very comprehensive app. Very helpful for long-term migraine sufferers like me!
Lots of nice features. You can track various aspects of your trauma and review at later date. Also has basic charts. Only negative is does not confirm deletion - frustrating after enterring details.
I've started using this to track my headaches. I don't get migraines, but I do get headaches daily. Some of the prompts seem specific to migraines, so it's kinda weird. And often I'm tracking a headache from when I get up in the morning until I go to bed at night. (I use 'bug me later' a lot!) But it is helpful to make notes, and track pain levels and reliefs.
I love this app!! The only complaint would be: need more options for the sleep part. I wake up several times a night, but don't have a easy way to record that.
Slow transitions from screen to screen. Could be my Internet speed.
So far so good after one week. I have known I should track migraines, but needed a good way to do it. I'm really hoping this helps me and my doc treat my pain.
Mostly great.  It would be great if you could show changes to intensity during one entry. Also it was my neurologist that asked me to use this program...he actually loaded it ;)
Useful, and an easy to use app for keeping track. I have to use it for when I feel my chronic migraine as the most painful.. Otherwise I am usually feeling it to one degree or another all the time. I hope it may be more helpful for me over time.  I would maybe suggest a way to record your food, to see if it helps you track the type of food that triggers them more.
It is good. It is my favorite migraine tracker.
Have trigeminal nueroligy bad head aches
I needed something like this so bad. Was told about this app in one of the migraine support groups I'm in. I love being able to track time, triggers, and what worked vs what didn't work.
This is very helpful! My neurologist loved that it can track triggers, reliefs, medications, duration, etc. Makes tracking migraines so easy.
Will give it 5 when the crash issue is fixed. Every time I go to reliefs the app crashes. Other than that, I love it.
I like the reminders every day and it's very easy to use
This is working really well for me in tracking migraines and headaches.  All enhancements I'd like to see have already been sugested by others, with development in progress.
Could I please please get an access code..really looking forward to using this appt. Please help
Wishing I could also track the regular almost constant headaches and symptoms as well without the migraine tag.
So far it works well for me!
Very easy to use app however it would be nice to have the option to enter notes on the sleep log or have the option to select 'interrupted' or 'uninterrupted' sleep. I would also like the option to add a dose to the medications I've added as well as the time medications were taken. Because of these lack of options I am currently recording my migraines on two different apps in order to record all necessary info.
This is the first-time I have used an app like this so it was really easy to understand how to log my migraines.  The one thing I need help with is getting a report for my doctor I need it for my medication insurance. I have tried everyday from Sunday to get a copy of one save requesting one from the company itself. I was just hoping I could have faster feed back.
Would be good to add 'woke up with a migraine to the start time.
Good and thorough way to record migraines - helps to understand frequency of migraines, triggers, and reliefs.
Having some issues, but all and all I like this app...
My doctor told me to start tracking. This seems like an easy app to do so.
I like the idea of this new function but it says tension and cluster headaches will no longer be recorded, migraines only. I want to be able to track both to get a better picture of when both occur.. Can you please add this? That's my 5 star request, if I may. :)       --   Otherwise, I REALLY LOVE THIS APP!! It charts and graphs your info so you better understand your  migraine habits. It's great to quickly track a migraine with a "bother me later" option for if you can't look at your phone.
Very useful app. I will continue to use it.
Seems rather extensive at tracking possible triggers but seems to lack functionality of tracking the progression of pain during the migraine. Variation in position and intensity of pain is quite important to track every 2 to 4 hours to better understand what could be the source of the pain.
So far so good
It does exactly what it needs to do!
I like this app, but there are a few features that could make it even better and a more well-rounded headache diary: 1) The ability to record non-migraine headaches. Sometimes I know my headache isn't a migraine. 2) The ability to record times medications were taken. This is crucial to good logging. 3) The ability to make notes on a day without recording a migraine. 4) Adding a food log to help identify triggers. 5) The ability to see headache, sleep, and food data for a day all in one calendar.
Hello! I like the ease of use and speedy logging! My neurologist would like me to log when I take my medication throughout the day. Is there any way to add that functionality to the app instead of just one medication listing?
Not perfect, but better than most and still working to improve which gives me hope.  It's fairly customizable, they just need to fine tune some of the options they already have.
You're doing a great jobvwith his app so far but can i make a suggestion?, Replace the white colour within the app as even with my device turned to its lowest light settings the white is painful to tolerate while i have a migraine and when i don't even with my shade 5 glasses i can not tolerate the white, it would be very much appreciated x
Love the app. Would be cool if it could link to my fitbit to track sleep  and exercise. Easy to use and super helpful
Its very helpful for my nerologist
It would be good to be able to adjust if the the intensity or the place of pain changes xx
Didn't like this app to start with but has greatly improved. My migraines aren't text book and symptoms, pain and everything else that goes with it are erratic so it's great that you can add and remove things as needed. Probably alot more you could add but that will come in time I am sure. Medication calender would be very useful. Will be interesting to look at my stats when I've logged more info and so much easier than keeping a paper diary.
Haven't used enough yet to know for sure but it's looking good so far
This app definitely helps me keep up with my migraine symptoms. I would like to see a few more symptoms and relief icons. It's also nice to get a quick message that says get well.
Good app for tracking
I've started using this to track my headaches. I don't get migraines, but I do get headaches daily. Some of the prompts seem specific to migraines, so it's kinda weird. And often I'm tracking a headache from when I get up in the morning until I go to bed at night. (I use 'bug me later' a lot!) But it is helpful to make notes, and track pain levels and reliefs.
Great app. Makes tracking so convenient. Would be 4 star if it somehow was able to tracker weather as well as sleep
Helps me manage my chronic migraines.
Very helpful way to manage my headaches. Easy to use and enjoyable.
I like this app very much. A headache is not cut and dry on it's triggers and symptoms.  This app gives one lots of options plus the ability to add your own input.  Would like to be able to print a log for the doctor though.   This has so much more info than their paper log they want me to keep and easier to track.
Has some bugs like in bug reporting and also relief scale shuts app down when rating anything caffeine related.
This is a nice looking app, but if you get lots of migraines like me, there are way too many questions to answer.  You will grow tired of this survey quickly.  I'd much rather just post the day and severity of the migraines, and nothing else, and have it displayed in a calendar that can be printed out.
Good app; highly recommend using this one.
This app has been wonderful in helping keep track of my headaches and sleep. Best way to track and even has a way to give you a report to show to your doctor, which is awesome!
Great app.
I would love it even more if I could modify the pain location screen.
I thought this was a very helpful app for logging my migraines and very detailed.
It's a really easy way to show my neurologist my migraine patterns. I wish there was a way to edit medications better, but other than that, I love it!
Very  helpful for  when I  go to the  doctor, not having to just remember when I last  had a  migraine.
Very helpful. This app keeps me on track.
Not only has this app been helpful but also very insightful. It's made me aware of things I never connected with my migraine. It has really helped me understand my headaches. Well done and thank you
Easy to use, esp when in the throws of a migraine, very important. An impressive start,needs a little more tweaking and then will be a standout. Well done & thank you!
Great features and options. Clear reports.  One thing i would like to see easier on reports though is weather information.  It tracks and records it, but its hard to see actual weather patterns that might trigger.
It will be great for tracking everything about my migraines!
Need write in section
Was looking forward to use the aap to get relief from migraine pain and it's affects but unfortunately can't.
Very interesting and opened my eyes to more triggers. Will continue to use and learn new aspects of tracking.
I love this app and it's specific for us! I just wish there was an option to show process too. Like intensity changes over time or relocation or cluster headaches. But once you adjust any of them it changes permanently.
This app is amazing it just needs improving on sleep recording and a few more pain medication options and reasons for the migraine such as heat and illness maybe colds and flues. Also if the person is on any contraceptives. Either than that great app. Thanks developers!
I tried a few other headache trackers, this one is more detailed and user friendly.  Now,  if only it could cure a migraine. ..
Love this app. The only thing I think would make this better is a tab to  record what we eat daily.
I found the app initially difficult to use and navigate, but that may have just been a result of trying to work an app with a migraine. Slowly figuring it out. So far I like it. I like best that I can add symptom and medications that are not in the provided list, and being able to make notes about my attack.
It doesn't get a 5 star from me because of the requests it sends me to confirm ridiculous sleeps from about 7:55 am to 9:30-ish.Took me a while to realize this is the time between the 8 o'clock staff arriving and hanging up her coat, which jostles mine with my phone in the pocket, and the time when I put my coat back on to go on my break, again moving my phone. Basically it tracks when my phone is idle and motionless and decides there is no other explanation for this fact but unconsciousness. If you want to know if I had a nap, try designing the app to just ask me that.
It's very helpful with tracking headaches. The only thing I (and my doctors) would appreciate having added is a function that shows where the headache began and where it ended. For example if it starts in the back right part of my neck and exist there for multiple hours and then permeates throughout the rest of my head. I want to be able to document exactly where it started, where it leads, and where it ends. Other than that this app is excellent and I recommend it to everyone!
I've always wanted to somehow keep track of my migraines to see patterns. This app lets me do that!
I enjoy having my log for the doctor's office.
Still needs some tweeking but a good tool for daily tracking of migraines.
Good Tracker. Very useful at Doctors appointments.
It is very helpful with keeping up with my migraines. Easy access because its on my phone.
Love this app. Has been so helpful to track my migraines.  Although the latest version is no longer reminding me to record daily triggers and is also not recording my sleep. This is despite both options being on in the settings.  That aside brilliant app!
Good way to keep track of migraines as well as sleep patterns. I like how it keeps track of how many days you are migraine free.
I really like this app.  It asks for a lot of input when your having a migraine much more than I would think about tracking myself.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is being a female with menstrual migrains it would be nice to be able to keep track of my cycle in the app. Other than that it's awesome!!!
Would love to be able to track broken sleep better. Other than that, this app is extremely useful, and I'd definitely recommend it.
I love this app and it's been really helpful I just wish I could identify where the pain of my migraine was at multiple points in ny migraine because it moves a lot I'd end up having the whole head covered
Great app but I would like to be able to transfer data to the SD card
Disappointed by the fact that it keeps running in the background though I have disabled sleep tracking.I stop it manually and it keeps restarting.the app is quite ok but for the time I spend to give all this input information I would expect much more visual outcome.so there is still space for improvement.I will revisit in the future maybe.
Allergy Missing link to specific item,  in this case saccharine, need to allow what the allergy is
Simple and easy to use app.
This program is easy to use and allows for modifications to categories much simpler than any other programs I tried. I especially like the sleep timer.
Love this app. I have recommended many times. The one thing I would add is a timeline to tell me when and how symptoms progressed, or  when relief measures were tried so I could track how long before the meds worked, or which measure was likely to have had the greatest effect.
Glad they made this!!
Nice user interface with all the necessary features, really very helpful.
I'm trying to figure out my triggers with this app. It would be nice if the app integrated with my fitness pal to see the food or a weather app to see when the weather becomes a trigger.
Best one.
Works great and asks the basic questions need to report back to my doctor.
Dear sir, I can't access because it shows 'wrong access code'! could you please Send me one of them ?
This app has helped me so much. Would like to be able to put in time medicines were taken and pain level at that time. But other than that best headach log I've found
Great tool to keep track! Would be nice to remove things that don't affect my migraines, such as menstruation, as I have has a hysterectomy
This is helpful.
Easy to use, add, track. Will be very helpful when I see the specialist. Would like to be able to change intensity as migraine progresses.
Would like an option to remove certain questions that never apply.  The pain scale needs more customization because most of us still function at Higgins pain levels.
My migraines can last for days, this at least helps track when they end and how much time in between.
I've used migraine apps for years now. This is my favorite so far.  Ive had doctors, disability lawyers & disability judges asking for migraine records. Ive had complicated chronic migrains for 10+ years. I love the flexability of this app. The only option i would like to see, is to track the changes in my pain levels and possibly even the times i decide to try a new relief. Ive been tracking this in the notes, which works, Thank You. A better file extract option would be nice, it seems a bit messy now.
Very useful! I love that I can record my migraines and sleep pattern. Makes communicating with my doctor much easier.
I would like to be able to record a migraine on a previous day. There is no way to so that.. I had the worst migraine in awhile and the last thing I wanted to do was look at my phone for 5 minutes inputting info that day. But when I went to do it the day after, I couldn't.  Fix this!!
Very easy to use . Love this little app
Really helpful :)
Was very surprised by how comprehensive the migraine coverage was.  Especially when it timed my sleep. I use two fitness watches which time my  sleep and measure the quality of my sleep. Curious if this app gets info  from my health app. This is great. Tho I've had migraines for 60+ years I  have never been motivated to track the conditions and progress of them. I  love this app. After 10 attacks I would have to give it 5 stars.
Very thorough, yet easy to use. Looking forward to being able to see big picture patterns.
this app is great. it helps me track my migraines which helps my doctor and I find the best treatment options.
The only thing I can see that needs fixed is that during a migraine attack I can't fluctuate the intensity level. My migraines don't stay the same the whole time. I have to end putting in an end time and start a new migraine log when it is actually the same migraine.
Love the app! My Doctor liked the analysis too. He said he would recommend to other patients. I like the variety of symptoms and the ability to add specific triggers. I'd love it the app had a notes capability. I'd like to keep track of medications. I have preventative meds I take and would like to enter them on days I don't have a migraine. That way when I seem my doctor he can also keep track of other things I take.
Great help.
New. Version collects wx data. What does it do with it?  Not on reports.    Samsung s3
Makes it so much easier to keep track of when I'm getting them and what's going on with me.
Love this app but, the new pressure monitor has temp in celcius...I live in USA.
I'm sure there is room for improvement. I will let you know what I think later.
Good tracking app to show to my Neurologist during my visits
It's good for keeping track. Triggers are still not easy to figure out.
I love the app as it helps me keep track of my migraines, however I don't like how it asks all the questions at the start of a migraine. Also, I have migraines that last for weeks or longer and the pain could be different day to day. I really wish there was a way to update what happens daily as opposed to the migraine all being lumped together as nothing changing.
Very helpful tracking migraine symptoms and attacks
GREAT..
I found this app very easy to use and one thing I love about it is you can modify the information. I've seen some apps where you are stuck with the options they give you and it is very limited. NOT this app! I really like it so far!
Great app, speedy replies for problems, and they follow up when the bug is fixed. The only thing I'd like is to see an option to track pain changes, but it seems like that's already being devolped.
Seems thorough
Just a neat app. Also hope that the data created can help in headache research.  What I am missing are some specifications for tension-like headaches, which are less in attack form and rather in daily mood.
I'm still getting used to using it. I really like it. The one thing I've found so far is the sleep function... It assumes I'm sleeping when I'm at work because I'm not using my phone?? Um, no. Just not playing on my phone or moving it around. :-( Also, I hope to export info from it to email so I can print it for my doctor. But, overall, so far, I really like it.
Helpful. Hard to complete answers during a migraine and hard to remember  answers afterward. It would be nice to hit only one button that has all my  info saved. Like many, my migraines do not vary, with the exception of  length... Still, a very helpful app.
Easy and convenient way to track my migraine attacks.
good. helps me track my attacks. also a good record. helps my doc with information
I like the app a lot. The reminders are a bit annoying, but I feel like they're probably necessary. Sometimes it's hard to input information accurately in the middle of a migraine. And if you want to record a normal headache, it calls it a migraine instead which isn't the best, so I end up rating normal headaches as the very lowest level of pain in order to differentiate. But sometimes a plain tension headache is much more painful than a 1 or 2.
Great! Track your migraines against your sleep patterns & other triggers, including barometric pressure changes. Migraine Buddy allows migraineurs who are sensitive to pressure changes to see current pressure and upcoming predictions to be prepared. The sleep sensor is unreliable which is why I didn't give it a full 5 🌟 s but app lets you adjust & correct actual sleep time. It can also track & remind you of doctor's appointments. Multiple social boards let you share info w/ other migraineurs.
But it would be better if there was a widget button for 'start migraine', so I don't have to figure out what time it is, etc...looking at the screen is painful once a migraine starts.
a good way to keep track, record an attack and look back at your headaches and migraines. I personally find it a bit annoying to use and forget where I am in the app, but that could just be me. it's nice to know I'm not alone!
I really like this app i just wish u didn't have to constantly be on it i wish u could set reminders for yourself
wonderful
Definitely helps keep track of migraines for me and my doctor
Love the app wish it tracked my daily pain levels not just overall levels
I love this app and it's been really helpful I just wish I could identify where the pain of my migraine was at multiple points in ny migraine because it moves a lot I'd end up having the whole head covered
Easy to use. Helpful little app to try and gain some insight into why i keep getting migraines. Keeping track is helping me look for patterns. Thanks 🙂
I've just downloaded this and tested the input with a dummy record. It looks very useful and is intuitive to use, which is what you want when your head feels like it's about to explode. Developers, please can you enable storage of the app on to a SD card so my phone has free space? Thanks for your help!
I wish it would sync with fitbit sleep tracking because the fitbit sleep tracking is much better than the apps, but other than that it's an amazing app
Wish it was easier to just add notes  and to document the day.....like what was going on besides the migraine for other data.
Had helped me tremendously., keep track of migraines
So far seems easy to use and I like it got it to track my youngest child's  migraines but really wish it had an option for multiple profiles as I could  use it for me as well but I will just go find another app for myself
This app has helped me keep good records to share with my doctor. I would live to see my weather app linked. They have migraine predictions and I would like to see how closely their predictions sync with my migraines and vice versa.
I love this app. It's good to have all the info without struggling and wasting time to get it. Thank you
I always have my phone on me,  not so much a journal or computer. Hopefully this will let me track headaches so I can be free of them. There is an option to add your own triggers and help. I'm hoping this works.
Great app
Been dealing with migraines since I was 6. So to be able to track what triggers them would be very helpful because it always seems to change from month to month.
so far so good.
This is a great app
This is a great app that works incredibly well, is easy to use and makes monitoring headaches very easy. Sadly the last update brings a permanent notification regarding the sleep time monitor. The sleep monitor has been a great feature for years, but why we need a permanent notification on our devices now is anyones guess. Please allow us to swipe the notification away or not have it at all.
It would be a great feature if you didn't have to end a migraine, but, have the ability to continue on the next day to record new things. I have not been migraine free for almost 3 years but the intensity and symptoms  change hr by hr, day by day. Definitely still love to app! The app having the ability to change the intensity throughout the day & it having the ability to record the different intensity levels would make it 5 star..
Good app
Still trying it out but very impressed with the information gathering and the analysis.
Great application. Tracks and keeps up with migraine headaches and offers good information and advice via their Q and A and chat.
Very helpful for helping to keep track of my migraines and what has worked to relieve them. So many useful features.
Hey! What happened to the sleep graph? I  liked that, easy to see how much sleep I  was getting.  How about restoring the sleep question to the notification bar too!
Still figuring out how to best use the app. As I have ongoing daily migraines, I've decided to complete a record a day (even though I haven't been pain-free in between) - because severity fluctuates and to better track meds.
Pretty good. Although I am still having trouble figuring out my triggers! But i can send my records to my doctor to help with treatment
Love the app! My Doctor liked the analysis too. He said he would recommend to other patients. I like the variety of symptoms and the ability to add specific triggers. I'd love it the app had a notes capability. I'd like to keep track of medications. I have preventative meds I take and would like to enter them on days I don't have a migraine. That way when I seem my doctor he can also keep track of other things I take.
Easy to use
Helps me keep up with triggers and pain levels and helps my neurologists see how I am doing.         My only issue was the space to enter in triggers, meds, etc. 20 characters is sometimes not enough. Also, could be helpful to add if an ER or urgent care visit was required  so the doc can see that when I export it.
I really like the app. It stopped automatically tracking my sleep for some reason though. I went into the setting and the auto tracker was still set to on. Will continue to use. I noticed that I sleep longer the night before I get my headaches.
Great app..very useful.
Great app for tracking migraine triggers, intensity and frequency.
Very good app
I think you should be able to edit the pain of a headache/migraine as time goes on. Mine usually start out mild but increase in severity as time goes on.
Easy to use, nice interface,  and it's really helping me to identify triggers.
Much better than trying to think through a migraine and write things down. That's impossible. With this app I can record when it starts then come back and fill in the blanks later. I just need to add more of my personal symptoms to personalize my app more.
Is good
Love it, even the colours are suitable for me. I can see just how bad I get in objective terms and am keep to support research too
I like the app a lot. The reminders are a bit annoying, but I feel like they're probably necessary. Sometimes it's hard to input information accurately in the middle of a migraine. And if you want to record a normal headache, it calls it a migraine instead which isn't the best, so I end up rating normal headaches as the very lowest level of pain in order to differentiate. But sometimes a plain tension headache is much more painful than a 1 or 2.
Would like the option to put more details in, but it's good.
I knew almost nothing about migraines. This app has really helped me get a  better hold of whats going on.The only two recconmindations I have is a  better way of tracking prodrome and post from. It is my understanding they  are parts of the same migraine. As it is, you have to enter them as  seperate events. I feel like it throws the data off. Also would like to  better track the progression of the same headache.
very comprehensive app for taking almost everything that can cause or worsen a migraine into account. a little buggy, though.
Great, but can you add a section for daily preventative meds taken?
I just started using this app so far I love the work it is doing for me! Is there a way to store photos ? This would be helpful.  My face swells during a migraine and it be important to document ? Keep up the amazing work and thank u for this app!
This has been a useful tool to track and record symptoms, sleep patterns, and triggers.
I really enjoy the app
Mostly great.  It would be great if you could show changes to intensity during one entry. Also it was my neurologist that asked me to use this program...he actually loaded it ;)
Wonderful. Very helpful
Easy to use and helpful tool to keep track of migraines.  Has helped me see what triggers most of them.
This app is a great way to track migraine occurrences so that you can find triggers and connections. Great app and user friendly! Thanks!!
Could be a good app, but doesn't work for multiple, concurrent attacks. This app requires a migraine to be completed before a new attack or aura can be entered.
This is a really comprehensive app,  and very useful.  However, the developers really need to implement a dark theme,  it's no fun at all staring at bright white screen while in the middle of a migraine.
Very useful for tracking migraines and headaches. I have been getting tension headaches for quite some time now, but have not been able to put my finger on many aspects of how they are triggered, how long they normally last, or what I did to make them go away quickly. The only con would be the load time to open the app. Sometimes it just loads forever so I have to close it and then open it up again and hope it works the second go round. But when I does work, it's great. Works well for my sleep patterns too.
Easy to use - love the sleep tracking
Wish more specific options were available during symptom check
Had helped me tremendously., keep track of migraines
Just started using it, and seems really good. Good list of options to choose from.  Can't wait to see the analysis.
How does it know when I am sleeping
Good options for taking many factors for migraines, and easy to use while having one; easy to recognize pictures, and easy to follow steps. Pattern tracking is fabulous. Has some factors I hadn't considered for my own migraines. Very useful app!
Helpful in keeping track of attacks and possibly triggers.
Great if you suffer from recurrent headaches/migraines. It really helps you see just how often they happen and helps you find root causes.
So glad I found this ap, much better than carrying around paper everywhere to keep track. The only downfall is not being able to go into a date where a migraine has not been recorded & ad it. Had one yesterday, just needed to focus on not allowing it to get too bad & did not get to my phone or paper right away. I can review past ones but cannot ad one. Otherwise superb in helping me help my doctor see what, when, where & how. Thanks for a very helpful tool!
Great way for me to track my headaches and to show my Dr. So he can better treat me.
Great app. Helps me keep migraine-free for a long time. Thank you!
Helped me to identify and therefore avoid triggers. Great app.
The app is great and really helpful I am around a year into suffering with  migraine and the app is helpful to track and monitor things and does help  you to spot possible agitators. I have been diagnosed with chronic migrane  which doesn't stop I have varying levels of pain . It would be handy if the  app allowed for recording this more accurately as some things don't update  as it shows as a single attack record. It's important to keep it recorded  as this as the single episode not multiple attacks. However the app is  really good and very helpful and easy to use.
If you would save certain settings such as the menstrual cycle option to save that would be 5 stars for me.
Best app for chronic migraine patients
Never really knew how many times i've got migraines, now I do..
This app is a great way to keep track of all my migraines and triggers. It has helped when I go to the Neurologist I have a record of how many migraines I have had.  This will also help when applying for disability
I really liked seeing the new reports feature but it keeps saying my email address isn't valid.  I tried another email address and it says the same thing.  :(
Good tracker
so far it been good. easy setup and easy to start tracking..hopefully this will help with my doctors
It is good
its good but the way it records time it thinks i was sleeping is annoying. It asks if a slept during class or work hours and when I select NO. it opens a new window instead  of deleting the record,i have to then select delete entree and confirm it again. i dont know why i completed the time i usually sleep if its going to ask me very time i dont use de phone if i was sleeping.
So far a good app. It's pretty easy to use and this will make me more apt to actually record my migraines. I recommend this for others who have migraines.
Great for tracking sleep etc.
I thought I only had 2 or 3 migraines a month,  but this program helped me realize I get a lot more.  It also pointed out some triggers I had not thought of. A few more detailed reports would be nice
very helpful
I have been using this app for a number of years. My biggest issue is that they want payment to share my reports with me in a format that I can actually give to my doctor. The migraine tracking is good, sleep tracking is iffy (like most sleep trackers on phones) with trigger insights that have improved drastically. I think it would be great to link it all together with your fitness app so you can really see the whole picture would be a fantastic next step for them and worth "upgrading".
very helpful resource for tracking migraines and social networking support for mirainures
Thanks
A little simplistic but a good app for migraineurs
I like the reports generated  & symptoms & triggers etc
Good options for taking many factors for migraines, and easy to use while having one; easy to recognize pictures, and easy to follow steps. Pattern tracking is fabulous. Has some factors I hadn't considered for my own migraines. Very useful app!
This is pretty close to perfect. my only wish was a way to record the days that I didn't get a migraine, but had aura symptoms.
Migraine Buddy has made great forward progress with recent updates. Many more new tools and reports are part of the recent updates.. The Migraine Buddy team is responsive listening to migraineurs to help with changing to make it better and more useful all the time. That part deserves five stars. A major part that remains lacking is recording changes of symptoms during a migraine. This is a critical need for assessing treatments and symptom changes during the migraine, i.e. how long being unable to speak, how long it takes medication to take affect or if it even worked, etc. Of current issues presented for changes to Migraine Buddy 1/3 to 1/2 could be resloved by making this change alone.
So glad I found this app, helps track my migraines and sleep schedule  (recently diagnosed with sleep apnea). If there was option to add/remove categories it would be great - 5 star
Would rate 5, but I would rather type in city info rather than turn on location in order to get local data.
Would have given 5 stars if could access basics offline
Great for tracking migraines and remembering what the cause was ... makes it easier to talk to my doctor about them.
Good app; highly recommend using this one.
Good App
Nice app
Works great so far . Hopefully this helps me and my doctor find answers to my migrines.
Just wish it had a backup and restore feature.
Would Like to be able to define the pain location more precise on the head map. Generally the app is great
Good but too many notifications!
It's great to keep record of triggers.
Good tracker
Love the app! My Doctor liked the analysis too. He said he would recommend to other patients. I like the variety of symptoms and the ability to add specific triggers. I'd love it the app had a notes capability. I'd like to keep track of medications. I have preventative meds I take and would like to enter them on days I don't have a migraine. That way when I seem my doctor he can also keep track of other things I take.
Really easy to use. Definitely helpful to track patterns.
Could be a good app, but doesn't work for multiple, concurrent attacks. This app requires a migraine to be completed before a new attack or aura can be entered.
Very helpful
Really helpful app. It was really helpful to track down and see.
Lots of options
Need write in section
The will help me a lot..it been hard figuring out what the case is..
Yes, you must get a special user code to use this app. The process could not be easier to get one and its completely worth it! This has to be the first USEFUL app I have found to track my migraines. It is easily to use. Helps you find triggers, shows you patterns, and lets you repeatedly visit and change entries. I wish it had a place to free text with each entry so I could jot down personal notes at times, but overall this has been a major help!
Amazing app- the only thing that would be helpful would be if I could record how the level of pain varies during one migraine, I find I'm often making multiple reports for one migraine.
The idea is amazing and what they ask is grate. But it is sooo slow. Takes 10 minutes to log a migraine. All the loading. Loading and bright screens and migraines dont mix.
It is very helpful, and allows me to get a glimpse into what could be the main cause of my migraines.
Best headache app I have found so far. A little confusing at first, but good once you get the hang of it. The interface could be a little prettier. Also, for tracking migraines, it's important to track your aura, be it classic or sensory. They should add something to track when the aura starts, what the aura is, how long does it last, and how long before the migraine started. These are all questions good headache neurologists ask.
While I would appreciate more room to explain the rest of the day, since lifestyle affects triggers... it has been a very useful app to me. The sleep tracking has been very helpful to me, the details about the migraines that can be recorded. It's been very convenient in tracking this chronic problem. Migraines are awful; having some easy way to document them makes the stress much more bearable.
Great for keeping track of everything, makes it so easy to show doc whats going on
This app helps me track and identify my different headache types.
Just started but so far so good. Would recommend this to anyone who needs to keep a diary of there headaches.
Still in the process of trying to identify triggers I didn't know about, but is a helpful log.
Really like this for tracking my migraines. I am especially happy with having the ability to mark where they occur with the head diagram. Would like to have some additional options added, including comment section for notes that may not fit elsewhere. Also maybe an area for meds that are routine vs. Abortive to distinguish that.
Easy to use. Very helpful.
So far this app captures just about everything I need to for each migraine event. I would love to see them incorporate a weather/barometric pressure feature though.
Easy to use, nice interface,  and it's really helping me to identify triggers.
im slowly getting to grips with this app. i don't get migraines that often but its helping me track my headaches and im already starting to see patterns.
Very close to perfect!
This is the first app I've ever used to track. So far I like its a lot. Easy to use and I like that you can come back and complete if need be.
Very helpful
I love just being able to quickly jot everything down before I crash, and  it helps me keep track of medication, fluids and sleep on top of being a  brilliant migraine tracker ❤️ **Five stars when you explain/fix the sleep  tracker not tracking Saturday nights**
Very easy to use. Keeeping my migraine journal wherever I go.
Helpful with discovering what doesn't trigger(extremely helpful). Sleep sensor kills my phone. Can't use it.
Good app
Don't get me wrong, I really like this app... I just hope to help improve it.  Need to be able to edit added fields and/or delete them.  Also, you cannot assume one either works or goes to school only.  Phrasing seems awkward: "You are having migraine for X minutes now"
Great
I like this app it really helps track info and i like that there are so many options to help track the type of migraine or triggers.
Was very surprised by how comprehensive the migraine coverage was.  Especially when it timed my sleep. I use two fitness watches which time my  sleep and measure the quality of my sleep. Curious if this app gets info  from my health app. This is great. Tho I've had migraines for 60+ years I  have never been motivated to track the conditions and progress of them. I  love this app. After 10 attacks I would have to give it 5 stars.
Helpful in monitoring migraine also like to see how many others are experiencing headaches in area
I really like how easy it is to use and to add my own symptoms,  methods, etc., etc. It will make my Dr visits do much easier.
Great application. Tracks and keeps up with migraine headaches and offers good information and advice via their Q and A and chat.
Easy app
Helps me find some triggers
While I appreciate this app, I feel like there is a long way to go. My doctor can't find any information on if this is hippa compliant, so I cannot legally export the information to him. Also, as you can edit it as many times as you want, I have yet to find a way to edit the medication to show how often I takebit. So if my migraine is a week long, it shows I took my med once the entire duration.
Great for tracking symptoms. Thanks for adding the weather feature; it helps me prep for tge migraine.
I live with headaches, so when I was told to keep a headache and sleep log for a neuro appr I instantly looked for an app. Easy to use. A few enhancements with time tracking and effectiveness of interventions make data tracking even better so less time putting in these notes.
Love that they added weather systems
This app is the most comprehensive headache app I've seen so far. I love the sleep recorders, which are automatic. I also like the preloaded meds, triggers, etc, but I realty love I can add my own. The head map from front and back is great to pinpoint my pain. Only thing I would change is the ability to change intensity pain level in the same recorded headache. It may start off at an 8, but after medicine only be a 4. I write that in the notes, but wish I could just give it another scale.
A very helpful and useful app.
This is great for tracking your migraines and headaches. I've been able to show more detail to my doctor. It is very easy to use and very detailed. I do wish you could track your migraine progress. Example, the app should ask how you're feeling after X amount of time and allow for additional info to be added I stead of replacing what you already recorded.
Great tool
Very helpful way to manage my headaches. Easy to use and enjoyable.
Love this app! It is well laid out, easy to record a migraine and the history surrounding it. I only have one issue with it, which is signing to me, which issue why I had to give 4 stars instead of 5. Upon opening the app it seems to take forever for it to load the elapsed time. I don't have connection problems with anything else, just the loading of this app. Please try and address this guys! I really want to use this app but I'm running out of patience. Please try!
It is a nice tracker and well thought out. Even though i understand that you should be paid and programming is time consuming, I wish it didn't cost so much. Thanks for all the time spent coding it and for allowing some of it to be free.
I don't know how to record days affected before migraine attack.
Has room for a couple improvements.  Waiting to see how WIP features mentioned in comments/replies of suggestion page come out.
I have never been able to keep a migraine journal. This app is so easy to use & knows what questions a Dr would ask. Makes keeping up with my migraines much easier!
I like the fact that I can add in my own "triggers" or "helpers". There are some things that help me that were not listed and some symptoms or triggers that weren't there either. I wonder if those "other" entries are reported and - if they show up enough - if they eventually get added to the actual app? The only thing that I wish I had was the ability to note how much something helped. If I take Excedrin and it brings me from a 6 pain to a 4, that IS helpful. I realize I can just put that in the "notes" section, but I would like that to be correlated information so that I can see which activities consistently take the edge off, even if they don't erase the migraine entirely.
Its a great app. Too much of data, so could be made more intuitive.I use mi fit to monitor my sleep. It would be great if sleep data is taken from such apps instead of manually filling sleep data
I just started using this app so far I love the work it is doing for me! Is there a way to store photos ? This would be helpful.  My face swells during a migraine and it be important to document ? Keep up the amazing work and thank u for this app!
Very helpful.
I really like this app. It is right on the mark. I just wish it would record the regular headaches. I end up recording them with a lower intensity. But that is ok. It has helped me a lot
Great app but would appreciate multiple users for example to add kids
Great app. Helps me keep migraine-free for a long time. Thank you!
This app has help me a lot, I am still trying to learn all of it's functions but so far it has been great, it helps me keep a record of my migraine headache, and it reminds me when I have an incomplete form, which is very helpful, as it is hard for me to stay focus especially with headaches so frequent. Thanks so much!!!
The docs wanted a diary of my migraines and this has more than helped being able to log everything not just the day!! Excellent app!!
Handy app to keep track of migraines and related info
Love the convenience of this app.  Just wish I could record bad headaches not just migraines.
I love just being able to quickly jot everything down before I crash, and  it helps me keep track of medication, fluids and sleep on top of being a  brilliant migraine tracker ❤️ **Five stars when you explain/fix the sleep  tracker not tracking Saturday nights**
So far, so good
This is great for tracking your migraines and headaches. I've been able to show more detail to my doctor. It is very easy to use and very detailed. I do wish you could track your migraine progress. Example, the app should ask how you're feeling after X amount of time and allow for additional info to be added I stead of replacing what you already recorded.
I love how it tracks my sleep and let's me know how long I have been migraine free.
Really helpful app. It was really helpful to track down and see.
Only problem i found is that its really confusing when u have a migraine like mine were u get it while ur asleep with no triggers, u take meds it goes away and then comes right back when they were off plus some of the places were pain is are not on thair like between my sholders.
I recommended to other people that have diabetes it can help them a lot  thank you
This app is easy to use and helps me track my headaches. The sleep tracker section stopped working which is a bit annoying. Other than that the app is great.
My doctor told me to start tracking. This seems like an easy app to do so.
I like the reminders every day and it's very easy to use
Great way to really identify your triggers and useful strategies to promote effective management.
really like the fact I can track the length of migraine
Great for tracking migraines to see if there is a pattern, with a cause. I  can see at a glance how I've been doing, and can even almost predict the  next migraine. Love this App!!!!
Good app
I would like the option to add some medical history that could be aggravating factors. examples: menopause, fibromyalgia etc
This was great for tracking my headaches and pinpointing my triggers but it stopped working more than a week ago.
Really good app for tracking migraines.  I only wish I could print the calender easily to take to my specialist.
Finally a log to keep track of my migraines....with all the info at my fingertips.
Great tracker, helps identify triggers, easy to use, super detailed
It's ok, I'm hoping to find something I like a little better.
Easy to use. It looks good, easy step by step process, and customizable.
Easy to use. Helps keep track of everything so I can show Doctor. More than I would remember to write down.
It's ok, I'm hoping to find something I like a little better.
Good app for tracking
With cluster headache there are many pointless questions and when I have it on I would not like to go trough all of them. So some kind of reordering/disabling the questions would be good. Why not? It is not asking all the questions anyway? I love how easy it is to track the seizures​ and how it tracks semi-automatically my sleeping and wake-ups! Keep on good job,this is important data!
Help when I go see the doctor I can send it to her so she have my latest migraines
My dr. Adviced me to use migraine app diary to track what causes my migraine... And this app seems to be the best there is.... Pls heeelp... Kindly give me access code please... I woild really appreciate it... Id really would like to use this app...
An excellent way to keep track of your migraines! I love that I only need to press one thing once a migraine starts, and the app reminds me to finish the entry off once the migraine has passed. I already knew my triggers but this is great for tracking frequency, duration and intensity. It definitely makes you feel more in control of your migraines.   One downside: ive stopped using the sleep tracking as I found it was draining too much of my battery during the day.
Great tracker app
Migraine Buddy has made great forward progress with recent updates. Many more new tools and reports are part of the recent updates.. The Migraine Buddy team is responsive listening to migraineurs to help with changing to make it better and more useful all the time. That part deserves five stars. A major part that remains lacking is recording changes of symptoms during a migraine. This is a critical need for assessing treatments and symptom changes during the migraine, i.e. how long being unable to speak, how long it takes medication to take affect or if it even worked, etc. Of current issues presented for changes to Migraine Buddy 1/3 to 1/2 could be resloved by making this change alone.
This is the neatest app. I had been marking my calendar when I had a headache but this is so much easier and much more efficient.
Works well for tracking symptoms and monitoring migraine frequency.
My Dr loves that I have this so much that she is recommending it to other migraine suffering patients!
Very easy to use. I think it will be helpful when talking to my doctor and in trying to figure out triggers.
Good app very helpful
I'm helping my daughter track her headaches/migraines.  Since she always seems to have a constant low level headache, it would be nice not to have to commit to an 'ending' time.  This way we can see how pain fluctuates during a 24hr. period and perhaps see patterns.  Any suggestions how to get around this? Otherwise a great thoughtful app.
Allergy Missing link to specific item,  in this case saccharine, need to allow what the allergy is
it helps track your sleep and when you get migraines as well as times for each.
This is a great app that works incredibly well, is easy to use and makes monitoring headaches very easy. Sadly the last update brings a permanent notification regarding the sleep time monitor. The sleep monitor has been a great feature for years, but why we need a permanent notification on our devices now is anyones guess. Please allow us to swipe the notification away or not have it at all.
Pretty good. It would be really great if i could sync my Fitbit w/the app. I also wish there was a better way to record when the headache gets worse or better. For example if I could use the pain level slider during the headache to show what level my headache is it would be helpful... so I could start at a 7, but after taking my medication i could change the slider to a 3 and it would record. The notes section doesn't feel that useful but I'll have to see what my doctor thinks of the info.
It's a bit slow but it does help me keep track of migraines and it's not ugly like all the other migraine apps. I wish there was a month by month comparison so that I can see the trend. I'd also love to be able to export to a CSV file. And last but not least I decided to contribute to the app but on the payment page realised that it's not over HTTPS! A huge security issue! Once you fix it I'll gladly contribute.
The reports are great. It's very helpful to see the patterns. My only critique would be better sleep tracking. I wish there a way to sync with my fitbit.
I liked the idea but there was more frustration trying to log in, it kept closing
If you're looking for an app that will help track your migraines this is amazing!
I'm learning a lot about my symptoms thanks to the tracking and recording functions. It will be helpful to share this info with my doctors when necessary.
This app is perfect for tracking my migraines and sleep. I show it to my treating team so they can work with me best. It also makes me more conscious of how much sleep I need at night to feel well rested. My only issue is sometimes it can be a bit fiddly but really it only takes a few minutes to record a migraine.
Love the app. Very easy to use.
Good tracker
Great way to really identify your triggers and useful strategies to promote effective management.
I like it a lot, only wish there was a way to track changes throughout a long on going chronic migraine.
Most detailed tracker I've seen.
I love this app.  But would like a bit more for actually inputting info like weather, exercise, diet.  The memo section is kind of annoying.
One of the most useful apps I've ever used, it has everything from doctors that I have been asked to keep track of & then some! (Who actually remembers to fill that paperwork out while they have a migraine or worse, after? This way everything is conveniently right there) Then it actually comes back & let's you know what potentially is triggering your migraines. I think it is amazing.  Added bonus, I like the links to the articles it offers, they are very informative.
This has been so helpful in tracking my migraines and finding patterns. The  reports are useful & presented in an easily digestible way.
This is one of the best tracking apps that I've come across! I love the easy layout and the simple options. However, I think there are some missed opportunities. I would like to be able to input if I'm having flairs from other chronic/autoimmune disorders to see how that effects my migraines in the long run. I would also like to be able to link my migraines - I know, for example, if I have the same migraine over four days instead of four separate migraines. Overall, however, this is a fabulous basic tracker
Its easy and helpful to use. My neurologist reccomended it.
It's pretty detailed & detects when you're asleep which is good. Still learning how to use it. Could do with a menstruation calendar.
It is very helpful, and allows me to get a glimpse into what could be the main cause of my migraines.
Good app so far. Haven't downloaded or try to retrive info for my doctor.
the app works but I don't have much else to say.
The only thing missing for me is the ability to tracking a change in the pain intensity throughout my migraines. Right now now it's a static number for how bad the pain was when the migraine started. I love the "bother me later" option, the last thing I want to do with a migraine is stare at my phone screen. Great app!
This is a wonderful app and find it incredibly helpful tracking my cryonic migraines. I do however wish you could track the severity of the migraine while it runs its course. My migraines last on average from a day to almost a week and the severity fluctuates from annoying throb that is easy to ignore to wanting to drill a hole in my skull and back again without ever going away completely. I would like to be able to track these changes so I can see if the more severe happens for a reason.
This app makes it much easier to record my migraines. Looking forward to compiling it all for my next appt.
Keeps track of my migraines and what causes them.
I wish I would have known about this app. Sooner. It is great at helping to monitor migraines in real time. There are a lot of things I did not consider when monitoring by paper and pen. This tool is a great way to pass on info to my neurologist.
I like this app because I can write in notes. There is more options than other apps. I would love to be able to put in the times that I took my meds as sometimes I have to take them more than once. But all in all a good app.
Good app
Great for keeping records for doctors
The app is very good at keeping you organized and informed about what causes and relieves your headaches. I like the part where you track all of your symptoms because the graphics make it very clear as tok what you're doing, what I don't like though is the format and look of the rest of the app. I'm not sure what you could do to fix it, but the screen feels way too cluttered and hard to get used to right away.
Awesome app very useful for gaining control of migraines.
Love this app! So easy to use and customize. I just wish the reports were a bit cheaper to print. Otherwise, very helpful!
This is a great way to record my migraine.  Helpful when I see my doctor.  Only issue is recording increase or decrease in the migraines as the time goes by.  Other than that great app.
The sleep sensing isn't too acurate, but that's about the only thing I could see that was troublesome.
Just started using it, and seems really good. Good list of options to choose from.  Can't wait to see the analysis.
I've needed an easy to use method for tracking my migraines, but all of the other means were complicated and cumbersome.  Here I am allowed to modify/add various data that is applicable specifically to me, which helps my doctor and me manage my migraines.  My only suggestion would be to graph the data for a pictorial presentation.
Helpful, need to have a way to opt out of menstration tracking, seriously don't want to see the question that doesn't apply to 75% of the population.
Works great and asks the basic questions need to report back to my doctor.
But this app deserves a great one. Very helpful and detailed in tracking migraines. I recommend it to everyone who needs a good way to track their headaches and triggers.
Work great but could use some other stuff like if it gets worse overtime
Great app!
This is a pretty awesome app
Nice and  easy way to track  migraines and provide  to physician
It's so hard to journal migraines when you are in the middle of one. How do you get thoughts and symptoms down on paper when you hurt? Easy fast and gets all the pertinents with minimal effort. Thanks a million!
Just started using after attending the migraine summit. I've been a  migraine sufferer for over a decade with no help from many different  sources. So thankful to have such an easy to use tool easy enough to use  when having an active attack. Appears very user friendly with all the  adequate info to take into consideration. So much easier than a hand  written log. I'm excited to finally get it under control and to be able to  assess where I'm at in my disease.
This app is so easy to use! It's pretty step by step.
I'm finding this app very helpful but there's one big problem, almost every time I go to record the time of a migraine it crashes. I often have to make several attempts before it works. Otherwise great.
Great app. It's nice you can come back later and add info when you have a migraine.
So far so good
Have trigeminal nueroligy bad head aches
Works great and asks the basic questions need to report back to my doctor.
I've been suffering for years and when I see my doctor I struggle to produce all the information.  This ask all the questions and is so easy to use.  A discussion group or other remedies from other suffers may be useful.
This is a great app but it would be additionally helpful if i could record when I take each medication.
This helps me track my migraine and see any common causes or times
I recommended to other people that have diabetes it can help them a lot  thank you
Tracking and recording meds triggers a big plus
This app has been wonderful in helping keep track of my headaches and sleep. Best way to track and even has a way to give you a report to show to your doctor, which is awesome!
Seems rather extensive at tracking possible triggers but seems to lack functionality of tracking the progression of pain during the migraine. Variation in position and intensity of pain is quite important to track every 2 to 4 hours to better understand what could be the source of the pain.
A useful tracking tool. Looking forward to gleaning more helpful information to be able to manage my migraines better - inputting triggers and headache data daily but not a lot of actionable output as yet.
Migraine buddy is one of my favorite apps. It's mostly intuitive however I cannot figure out how to remove a medication reminder.   The app is easy to use to record migraines and I like having the ability to add symptoms, meds, etc.  I use the app often and share information with my dr.
Great app. Helps me keep migraine-free for a long time. Thank you!
The only thing that would make it better would be the ability to enter what I've eaten as I'm still trying to find my triggers.
It works for me but I wish there was a way to note the change in pain intensity.
Really like this app for tracking my migraines, but it gets a 4 for 2 reasons. The primary reason is there is not a way to clear out an end time if I hit the link on accident. When you have blurry vision with a migraine, this happens very easily. The second is it would be nice to be able to confirm I have successfully added my doctor as well as be able to see if he has accessed my data. Both features would make the app that much more convenient when discussing issues with my doctor.
Easy to use. Helpful little app to try and gain some insight into why i keep getting migraines. Keeping track is helping me look for patterns. Thanks 🙂
User friendly, even while in the middle of an attack you can answer prompts to record important data.
This app is amazing it just needs improving on sleep recording and a few more pain medication options and reasons for the migraine such as heat and illness maybe colds and flues. Also if the person is on any contraceptives. Either than that great app. Thanks developers!
I really like how you can email and print a chart for your records and/or for your Dr. (Whom likes that I am using this app too). UPDATE 5/23/16: I have been wondering how weather & pressure affect my migraines  so now since i have updated I can. Looking forward to sharing what I learn with my Dr.
I've only been using this app for a couple of weeks,  great way to track my headaches and hopefully will figure out what's triggering them
It's awesome
This is a great app that works incredibly well, is easy to use and makes monitoring headaches very easy. Sadly the last update brings a permanent notification regarding the sleep time monitor. The sleep monitor has been a great feature for years, but why we need a permanent notification on our devices now is anyones guess. Please allow us to swipe the notification away or not have it at all.
I'm terrible at writing things down and remembering what all I should  include. This App has it all. Only minor issues in regards to figuring it  out when you go back in after initial onset.
This is very helpful in tracking patterns. I finally uninstalled it tho only because my migraines are under control (for now) may use it again in the future
Really helpful app with THE BEST design interface by far of any health tracking app.  The only reason it isn't 5 stars is because it's missing a few key items that would really help.  One is the ability to classify the headache / migraine (if you know what type)  - Eg., a hemiplegic migraine vs sinus headache. 2nd is to be able to add other medical issues - maybe have a customizable section for "other" to record things like vertigo attacks (from Menier's) that may have occurred without a migraine.
It was a bit confusing at first but after using it a couple of times, I'm getting the hang of it. I'm really able to understand how these migraines "attack"
I suffer from chronic cluster migraines and this app has helped me keep track and manage them
It works
very comprehensive app for taking almost everything that can cause or worsen a migraine into account. a little buggy, though.
Still getting familiar with the app but so far it gets the job done, i like that i do not have to answer all the questions immediately while suffering and come back to it later
I've suffered with  Severe  Migraine  for  over  30  years  and  have  had  to  Retire  Early  due  to  my  illness  after  Nursing  for  36  years  so I  was  reading  my  quarterly  magazine  Challenging  Migraine  and  this  app  was  mentioned  so  I  am going  to  give  it  a try  it's so  easy  to  use  even  when  you  are  unwell  .
A fabulously useful app but would be so much better if it incorporated a foods diary so that if there are food links with my migraine they can be spotted easier. There is a my triggers section but this only helps if you know what your food triggers are rather than seeing a pattern with things you didn't realise were a problem.
android app btw than iOS
Is there was a way to add changes throughout attacks (mine usually last days) i would give 5 stars. Like the ability to time stamp when meds were taken, when different symptoms start and stop, pain scale ect. That would make this app perfect.
This app has really helped me discover my triggers.
This is a great app for tracking migraines. It's helped me to focus on what my warning signs are for migraines and jump on them quickly to help reduce pain intensity as well as total migraine duration. I only give it 4 stars though because I really wish there was an easier way to track the ramp up and ramp down of a migraine, pain intensity changes, and times that medicines were taken. Otherwise, wonderful app!
For those of us that *always* have a migraine (per neurologist) I would like to see a pain intensity scale for when the migraine flair is "done". Also a daily morning pain check in, along with sleep confirmation.  Thanks for making a really useful product!
Awesome app. Thanks!
Best way to keep track of your migraines,  like this app!!
This has been great in helping me track headaches & gather info to report back to my doctor.
I love migraine buddy over all other tracking apps, but it would be useful  to have the ability to add notes onto non-migraine days to track potential  triggers and other health related issues. Having to switch between migraine  buddy and other apps to see if there's connection between my blood pressure  and frequency of migraines, for example, is extremely difficult
I really like this app, very easy to use. I just wish it had an actual food diary built in!
This is the best migraine tracking app I've come across. Easy to use when brain function and comprehension are less than optimal.
Only improvement should be able to record more than one episode per day as mine may go away after taking meds only to return later and pain level most of the time intensifies during an attack so it may start as a 3 and end up as a 10.
Great tool
The app is great. I've been using it for a couple months. Would be nice to have a comment box for the migraine. For weird notes that aren't necessarily going to be common.
I really like this app. It's awesome
Easy and helpful
am new to having to track my headaches.  This app so far is making it easy for me to do thank you
Helps me track my migraine triggers and helpful remedies but its not accurate for tracking sleeping time and duration
Great way for me to track my headaches and to show my Dr. So he can better treat me.
Good App
Covers almost everything, and you can add new options if you need to. It even has a bug-me-later option, if you just want to record the starting time.
Nice app. Would have given 5 stars but I think the email reports need to show more information. Ie graphs and the other tabs info.
Its a great app. Too much of data, so could be made more intuitive.I use mi fit to monitor my sleep. It would be great if sleep data is taken from such apps instead of manually filling sleep data
Helps me track and share it
Great app glade you added  the pressure differently (inhg)
Great interface and migraine-friendly colours too, but I'd like to be able to export the data to Excel etc.
Keeping track of my sleep patterns has been as important lately as keeping track of my migraines! Love that I can do both in one place!
So useful and comprehensive.
This is helpful.
When I am at work, I don't use my phone so it thinks I have been sleeping. I wish there was a button or something to say I am at work instead of it thinking I am sleeping besides that it is great.
Useful info, especially related to weather, identifying triggers and learning how many other users have similar paths. I'm looking forward to sharing the reports with my doctors. This tracker really captures the true impact headaches have on my life.  Thank you!
Migraine Buddy Rocks. The pain scale with the faces and descriptions is very helpful.  It helps to record triggers, medicine,  pain location,  Menstruation, duration and recently added a weather feature.  It maps it all out for you and tracks triggers.  It is very easy to navigate through the app and it keeps everything together for you and is very easy to access.  It also has a sleep tracker! It'd be nice to record relief or new pain score. Pain better but not gone. Thanks
Pleasantly surprised by the amount of detail you can put into the logs and  the user interface is relatively easy to use
The app is really awesome and very helpful. The only problem with it is that there are a few bugs happening that are quite annoying. First of all, the automatic sleep tracking is not working at all: it considers sleep the time between accesses to the app, and it doesn't register sleep at night. The other bug is when I open the app to edit and confirm a migraine report: if I open a new report immediately after, the system glitches and keeps saying that the record overlaps a recurring one; I go back and discover that the previous report wasn't saved at all even if I actually confirmed it and saw it in the 'My Records' section. Please do what you can to fix these bugs cause they're quite annoying.
I always have my phone on me,  not so much a journal or computer. Hopefully this will let me track headaches so I can be free of them. There is an option to add your own triggers and help. I'm hoping this works.
reassuring and great for keeping a record
Very helpful.  I just answer the questions and don't have to think too much.  Which is the last thing you want to do with a migraine!
I'm having trouble with the app not opening. The wait circle will spin and spin, but doesn't open. Happens about 1 out of 3 times I open the app. If this is fixed it would be a great app for record keeping.
The app is great and really helpful I am around a year into suffering with  migraine and the app is helpful to track and monitor things and does help  you to spot possible agitators. I have been diagnosed with chronic migrane  which doesn't stop I have varying levels of pain . It would be handy if the  app allowed for recording this more accurately as some things don't update  as it shows as a single attack record. It's important to keep it recorded  as this as the single episode not multiple attacks. However the app is  really good and very helpful and easy to use.
Still really love this app but with my new phone it no longer automatically registers my sleep.
Helps me keep track of my migraines. I also really like the tracking of sleep
Helpful in tracking triggers and relief.
This app is almost perfect. I love the detail you can put in. I wish they was a way to change pain rating over an extended amount of time. My migraines last for days and it would help track the variation over time
I have used this app for SO long and I love it and recommend it to anyone! It is a little slow at times to start up but it's good! Really has helped me track my migraines! I also wish I could put multiple pain levels for one migraine.. Because my migraine wasn't at a 7 the whole time but for some, yes.
Maybe adding types of pain would help ie/pulsating, stabbing, etc
I am glad to have this tool, and it has been invaluable for use when discussing with my doctor. Wish I could turn off questions about menstruation since surgery makes that a non issue, and I don't like that it thinks I'm sleeping everyday I turn off the phone at work. Otherwise great
Didn't like this app to start with but has greatly improved. My migraines aren't text book and symptoms, pain and everything else that goes with it are erratic so it's great that you can add and remove things as needed. Probably alot more you could add but that will come in time I am sure. Medication calender would be very useful. Will be interesting to look at my stats when I've logged more info and so much easier than keeping a paper diary.
It's alright
So far so good. Detailed and is kind about reminders.
This is really cool it helps me to keep track.
App works well and is helpful in recognizing multiple factors for migraine in order to make changes and minimize migraine impact.
great lil migraine diary
Super easy to use and I love that it will track if you're close to menstruation (I wish you could enter period start/end dates too). I find that food is often a trigger for me so I wish I could track what I ate and when so I can see how immediate the response from my body is and what foods to avoid. Otherwise,  it does provide some very useful data and is overall a very clean app.
Helpful. Hard to complete answers during a migraine and hard to remember  answers afterward. It would be nice to hit only one button that has all my  info saved. Like many, my migraines do not vary, with the exception of  length... Still, a very helpful app.
Hard to use if you have chronic daily migraines, without pain free days.  I've been just starting over daily and adding notes. I hope I can at least  track some triggers.
My doctor told me to start tracking. This seems like an easy app to do so.
Love the app. Very easy to use.
I'm so thankful I was introduced to this app. It has helped so much.
Needs some fine tuning but good start.
Didn't like this app to start with but has greatly improved. My migraines aren't text book and symptoms, pain and everything else that goes with it are erratic so it's great that you can add and remove things as needed. Probably alot more you could add but that will come in time I am sure. Medication calender would be very useful. Will be interesting to look at my stats when I've logged more info and so much easier than keeping a paper diary.
This is great, I just wish I could find a migraine tracker that included a food log, in case food I eat is a trigger, I have them written down and I can start seeing if I ate a certain food the same day I got a headache. Otherwise, awesome app. I love the charts and step by step process.
It would be good to be able to adjust if the the intensity or the place of pain changes xx
So far it's a good app.  It gives good information for a person suffering with a migraine. It also helps you keep track of what could be triggering it your migraine things that you may not think of on a daily basis.
Love it. . But how do our van you change the intensity during a migraine?
Good app, needs to be more personalised, like being able to monitor the ups and downs of the pain during a migraine. Otherwise fantastic.
I like this app!
This app has really helped me out. I have chronic migraines and I usually know when I'm going to get one from this app. I do have trouble with it loading a lot. It updated yesterday and didn't log my sleep and I couldn't log it myself because it wouldn't load.
I am glad to have this tool, and it has been invaluable for use when discussing with my doctor. Wish I could turn off questions about menstruation since surgery makes that a non issue, and I don't like that it thinks I'm sleeping everyday I turn off the phone at work. Otherwise great
I really like this app, I would like to be able to record how much medication was taken on each migraine day to be able to record pain intensity for each migraine day.  Other than that it is very helpful!  I can't wait to go to the doctor and show her my results so we can find a medication that will work better.  Thank you for this great health tool!
I really like the app, very easy to use and helpful. I tried it to help identify triggers.  I really appreciate the reminder to ensure I am tracking all my migraines. Thank you.
Very easy to use. Keeeping my migraine journal wherever I go.
I love this app and how helpful it is in keeping track of my migraines! It's pretty cool that it can estimate when you slept as well. I love how thorough it is. My one complaint is that I wish I could tell it in from the US and therefore write dates in a different order. I keep getting the month and day mixed up, as we do month/day and the UK does day/month.
New version no longer auto-detects my sleep, not sure why.  Now I have to try and remember when I fell asleep for tracking.  I like that the barometric pressure tracker is more accurate now.
Helps me keep up with triggers and pain levels and helps my neurologists see how I am doing.         My only issue was the space to enter in triggers, meds, etc. 20 characters is sometimes not enough. Also, could be helpful to add if an ER or urgent care visit was required  so the doc can see that when I export it.
Thumbs up App :)
Migraine Buddy has made great forward progress with recent updates. Many more new tools and reports are part of the recent updates.. The Migraine Buddy team is responsive listening to migraineurs to help with changing to make it better and more useful all the time. That part deserves five stars. A major part that remains lacking is recording changes of symptoms during a migraine. This is a critical need for assessing treatments and symptom changes during the migraine, i.e. how long being unable to speak, how long it takes medication to take affect or if it even worked, etc. Of current issues presented for changes to Migraine Buddy 1/3 to 1/2 could be resloved by making this change alone.
Has some bugs like in bug reporting and also relief scale shuts app down when rating anything caffeine related.
Easy to track all facets of my migraines.
Really good app only been using it for a day so far. May I suggest adding two things though. One is to the sleep chart. For times you woke up during the night. Another is times you had food and a note section for what you ate so you can see if eating at different times triggers migraines or eating certain food at certain times causes migraines. Other than that it is really handy and a great app. I was loathe to write down all the time I was in pain. Bad enough I was in pain let alone writing about it when I wasn't but this app is quick, user friendly and convenient. Thank you so much!
I started using this app to try and find what was causing my migraines. I like that I can add additional information. Highly recommend this app. With all the amazing updates this app is even more valuable in helping mt track my migraines.  There is only one thing I'd like to be able to do, and that is update the pain level throughout an entry. My pain levels often fluctuate during an episode. Depending on medication and current environment.  Thanks for a wonderful app.
You're doing a great jobvwith his app so far but can i make a suggestion?, Replace the white colour within the app as even with my device turned to its lowest light settings the white is painful to tolerate while i have a migraine and when i don't even with my shade 5 glasses i can not tolerate the white, it would be very much appreciated x
I wish I would have known about this app. Sooner. It is great at helping to monitor migraines in real time. There are a lot of things I did not consider when monitoring by paper and pen. This tool is a great way to pass on info to my neurologist.
A good record for migraines. It could be tweeted a bit but is very useful as it is. I have no problem recommending it.
Helpful in keeping track of sleep as well as migraine symptoms.
I have been suffering from daily migraines for over 2 months now and my neuro recommended an app on my phone to track it. Would love a way to print out all the info though!
It's a good app for tracking headaches and intensity of them. I really like the weather and notes features.
I think this will help a lot. Love the input interface.
So far so good
As a person who has chronic headaches daily and fluctuating migraines,  it would be wonderful if I could rate my pain scale over time as it progresses . Also it would be helpful to show over time how the pain changes location over the skull.  I love the detailed section option for pain location in this app. Over all it has been been very helpful in communicating my headache pattern to my doctor.
Helpful app. Tracks well and will wait till you can look at the screen on your phone if necessary. Let's you in put your own medications and self helps and triggers. Been using it to help my neurologist understand my chronic migraine better
My neurologist was very impressed with my reports, especially the condensed summary!
I like the reminders every day and it's very easy to use
This app has help me realize what has been causing my migraine headaches an how to prevent. Didnt notice how many I was having till this app help me keep track. Thank you so much! # journeytobetterdays
It is so easy to use and easy to read.
This app has help me a lot, I am still trying to learn all of it's functions but so far it has been great, it helps me keep a record of my migraine headache, and it reminds me when I have an incomplete form, which is very helpful, as it is hard for me to stay focus especially with headaches so frequent. Thanks so much!!!
Helped me to identify and therefore avoid triggers. Great app.
Excellent app ♡
While I've only just started using this app and wish I could record  headaches as well as migraines. Maybe we can like I said I've only  misstated using this app and I'm still learning its functions but do far it  has been a help in helping me record information for my doctor do together  we might be able to treat me with a better out come than a headache or  migraine everyday
very detailed tracking, takes a bit of time some times but my doctor recommended it
Nice app with all elements required to track migraine. Pls add multiple sleep/awake time in one night for sleep diary. In cases like a break sleep, I can't make correct entries.
Useful and great for tracking.
Great app for tracking my migraines. Since I suffer from hemiplegic migraine I actually don't  get any pain but there isn't an option for this :/ it's good that I can explain  that on the notes part though
I've been looking for a good migraine app with lots of options, and this one is it!  I do wish it had more specific options for trigger spots on the body. I also would love to be able to track my cycle here too,  as that plays off my migraines. Maybe also a log for water intake and massage or chiropractor appts? Also, a way to track the progress of a migraine? A timeline of sorts with reliefs and effects?
The app is really awesome and very helpful. The only problem with it is that there are a few bugs happening that are quite annoying. First of all, the automatic sleep tracking is not working at all: it considers sleep the time between accesses to the app, and it doesn't register sleep at night. The other bug is when I open the app to edit and confirm a migraine report: if I open a new report immediately after, the system glitches and keeps saying that the record overlaps a recurring one; I go back and discover that the previous report wasn't saved at all even if I actually confirmed it and saw it in the 'My Records' section. Please do what you can to fix these bugs cause they're quite annoying.
Definitely helps keep track of migraines for me and my doctor
Really helped pinpoint my triggers and days of the month it was the worst.
This could be the one for me. Been trying a few apps for a few years now. And I really find that suits me the most. Recording things are easy. Interface is clean. I simply love the migraine and  sleep tracker in the calendar view. And the get well messages are sweet. Well done guys!
It would be nice if there was a quick add widget for my home screen.
The reports are great. It's very helpful to see the patterns. My only critique would be better sleep tracking. I wish there a way to sync with my fitbit.
am new to having to track my headaches.  This app so far is making it easy for me to do thank you
This is the best migraine app I have tried. The sections all correspond with all the questions my doc wants to know about. My only problem is remembering to use it when I have a migraine 😊
Really useful app for recording data and identifying any potential trends that trigger migraine . Can monitor frequency and impact of migraine on work/leisure. User friendly and my GP is impressed too!
I always have my phone with me, so I'm able to record triggers right away. I've learned some new food triggers. .....  someone with migraines designed this app.   Thank you.  Sometimes the rating of a migraine changes significantly.  Becomes way worse or better but doesn't go away, no way to chart that.
This helps me track my migraine and see any common causes or times
This is fantastic for logging headaches and migraines
It's a really easy way to show my neurologist my migraine patterns. I wish there was a way to edit medications better, but other than that, I love it!
Is there was a way to add changes throughout attacks (mine usually last days) i would give 5 stars. Like the ability to time stamp when meds were taken, when different symptoms start and stop, pain scale ect. That would make this app perfect.
Very useful for tracking migraines and headaches. I have been getting tension headaches for quite some time now, but have not been able to put my finger on many aspects of how they are triggered, how long they normally last, or what I did to make them go away quickly. The only con would be the load time to open the app. Sometimes it just loads forever so I have to close it and then open it up again and hope it works the second go round. But when I does work, it's great. Works well for my sleep patterns too.
Perfect app for tracking your migraine. It's simple to use and to get a general view of the migraine, triggers...
Great way to help you track your migraines. Options to add extra symptoms/treatment other than those listed. I found helpful in working out frequency and triggers.
Really helpful :)
Good app
Good and thorough way to record migraines - helps to understand frequency of migraines, triggers, and reliefs.
Good way to keep track of migraines as well as sleep patterns. I like how it keeps track of how many days you are migraine free.
Hard to use if you have chronic daily migraines, without pain free days.  I've been just starting over daily and adding notes. I hope I can at least  track some triggers.
I'm trying to figure out my triggers with this app. It would be nice if the app integrated with my fitness pal to see the food or a weather app to see when the weather becomes a trigger.
I love this app. The only reason I cannot give it five stars is that there is no way to vary the intensity of a migraine during the life of the migraine. I have to stop and start migraines constantly because mine vary in intensity throughout the life of one. However I have chronic migraines that can last days or weeks. This app is AMAZING. Anyone with migraines should download it immediately.
Great tool to track causes of headaches
Good tracker
Definitely useful
It covers soo many aspects of a migraine. V thorough and detailed.
This is so much easier for those of us with chronic debilitating migraines that need a way to keep track without exhausting too much energy. I do wish I didn't have to change the pain intensity in notes, since my migraines always have a range, otherwise it's a great app that has literally changed my life since downloading it.
I like that this app. is easy to use.
very helpful app...helps me to keep track of migraines and to note possible  triggers
The application makes me think about how I feel which in turn gives me better understand.
I just started but so far I like it!
Love how it helps with tracking sleep, and makes you think about how you could try preventing some headaches.
Best one.
Maybe be more clear about the medication - like is the +/- option meaning as well as a typical dose, or say with benadryl does it make it 1 pill to 2?
Good app
This is a nice looking app, but if you get lots of migraines like me, there are way too many questions to answer.  You will grow tired of this survey quickly.  I'd much rather just post the day and severity of the migraines, and nothing else, and have it displayed in a calendar that can be printed out.
Great! Track your migraines against your sleep patterns & other triggers, including barometric pressure changes. Migraine Buddy allows migraineurs who are sensitive to pressure changes to see current pressure and upcoming predictions to be prepared. The sleep sensor is unreliable which is why I didn't give it a full 5 🌟 s but app lets you adjust & correct actual sleep time. It can also track & remind you of doctor's appointments. Multiple social boards let you share info w/ other migraineurs.
the app works but I don't have much else to say.
Very helpful to track triggers I had not noticed before.
This app is very helpful for anyone who suffers from migraines.
Has helped discover triggers and keep track of occurrence to follow up with my neurologist.
Better than others that I've tried, no complaints just compliments
Been looking for an easy way to track headache for information for neurologists only down side is it does not interface with my samsung fit 2 to bull Hartrate  and water and cafieen intake and activity level
I am glad to have this tool, and it has been invaluable for use when discussing with my doctor. Wish I could turn off questions about menstruation since surgery makes that a non issue, and I don't like that it thinks I'm sleeping everyday I turn off the phone at work. Otherwise great
Very comprehensive and well-thought-out app. Super that developers take-on suggestions and act on them. Well done. Much appreciated.
Helpful
Good so far
it helps track your sleep and when you get migraines as well as times for each.
Easy to use
Great app but would appreciate multiple users for example to add kids
I tried doing journals of my migraines but never knew what to input...this makes it easy to tap a button and start...Then I can view info later to see if the headaches reoccur with same triggers. thank u.
The app picture the lines around her face remind me of a migraine and I feel sick. Has put me off using and looking at if this could be changed it really help
Good idea
Has a lot of good triggers. Don't like the permission it wants
An OK app, for whatever reason I find it difficult to use with consistency
I wish I could record what the weather is and whether or not I woke up with it. Also- every night it's recording two sleep cycles back to back. What's up with that? Overall, a great app to track my migraines and triggers.
Very helpful!
Even my doctors are impressed with this and how much feedback it can give them.
Best migraine tracking app I have used
I love this app! I have been using it for several months now. I have chronic migraines that can last from hours to weeks. The simplicity of this app is wonderful. The ability to customize it to suit your needs is a huge plus. Due to the sometimes lengthy nature of my migraines, I need an app that lets me record what meds I've taken and when. I need this to be accurate to avoid complications and rebound. Right now, this app does not have a simple way to do that. Add this, you've got 5 stars!!
Easy to use. Very helpful.
Very Helpful App
I think this is awesome. My neuro started me on a new treatment and I am able to track if it really is working or if I just think it is. My only problem is that my migraines change in intensity as they go along. I'll go up and down the pain scale a lot. But the diary says I had a migraine for 6 hours at a level 9. I could record each migraine level sperately, but then it looks like I had 8 migraines in 6 hours. I also wish there was a way to record when I took meds so that I know how long it took to work.
I get chronic migraines and this helps me keep track of when and what triggers them. I wish there was a spot for people who are in menopause that can select that instead of always having to say no to mensuration cycle. (Still NO update part on the menopause selection :( )Also, wish there was something that says that the weather is a trigger for people like myself. I also wish that the sleep notification was explained better and could be fixed for the times
Nice app. The sleep tracker is great. Would add aura position (if that's even a thing)
Very good once you have an access code. I like how it records your sleep.
Great
I'm still learning to use this app, but I think its great so far. I wanted to start keeping track of my migraines, and this app is perfect.
Would be great to synchronise with Withings software. Otherwise, has been a very useful tool and tracker.
I would like to take out some of the catagories when reporting one.  But other then that I love this app.
Useful and great for tracking.
Helps track migraines, triggers and the how long they last. With other  added options. It's a great app. But I would like a feature where I can  change the intensity of the migraine from day to day when it last more than  one day.
I've done manual journal's to record diet, when headache occurs, etc, but having this app with the graphs and everything is encouraging.  I feel I will be able to get more conclusive data concerning my migraines which I have suffered with for over 20 years.   The one area I didn't notice addressed with the app is preventative medication section. Thanks for coming up with this app.
I really like this app. It's awesome
Fantastic app, makes tracking migraines so much easier. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because I think there should be an option to add things throughout the day or increase/decrease pain levels etc in one entry. My migraines very rarely stay the same for the entire day. You can add things, but this then changes the whole entry, rather than just part of it. Overall though, amazing. Thank you!
Good app to track my migraines
This is a pretty awesome app
Only problem i found is that its really confusing when u have a migraine like mine were u get it while ur asleep with no triggers, u take meds it goes away and then comes right back when they were off plus some of the places were pain is are not on thair like between my sholders.
Just add common food triggers of migrain in 1 tab..
It's really useful. I was wondering tho,  would you create an app like this for other ailments? Can someone get in touch with me?
Very usful!!
The only thing I would change is, being able to add a profile...my daughter has migraines also and it would be nice to track her as well.
I started using this app to help me track my migraines so I could report updates to my doctor and identify trends and triggers for my condition. The sleep diary,  thoroughness of tracking a migraine plus the report option are perfect! My doctor was impressed enough to plan on recommending it to other patients. It answered every question she asked on my follow up visits. I ♡ this app!
Wonderful. Very helpful
My dr. Adviced me to use migraine app diary to track what causes my migraine... And this app seems to be the best there is.... Pls heeelp... Kindly give me access code please... I woild really appreciate it... Id really would like to use this app...
Great app. This has helped me tracked symptoms of my concussion.
Simple and easy to use app.
I've needed an easy to use method for tracking my migraines, but all of the other means were complicated and cumbersome.  Here I am allowed to modify/add various data that is applicable specifically to me, which helps my doctor and me manage my migraines.  My only suggestion would be to graph the data for a pictorial presentation.
It works for me but I wish there was a way to note the change in pain intensity.
I great help in keeping up with my migraines.
Definitely helps keep track of migraines for me and my doctor
Helping me keep track of what's going on with headaches. Had to enter meds that I'm on because they were not on the listing.
I like it a lot, only wish there was a way to track changes throughout a long on going chronic migraine.
Really helpful :)
There is no setting where you can choose if you got an aura or prodrome but the pain isn't there or not there yet. You should be able to track symptoms separate so that you can learn what your symptoms are
Only thing missing would be the ability to put in the time you took a medication at a later time if you were unable to log it at the time you took it so that the timer would count from the time you took it instead of the start at the time you turn it on.
I always have my phone with me, so I'm able to record triggers right away. I've learned some new food triggers. .....  someone with migraines designed this app.   Thank you.  Sometimes the rating of a migraine changes significantly.  Becomes way worse or better but doesn't go away, no way to chart that.
Love this app. I have recommended many times. The one thing I would add is a timeline to tell me when and how symptoms progressed, or  when relief measures were tried so I could track how long before the meds worked, or which measure was likely to have had the greatest effect.
Good and thorough way to record migraines - helps to understand frequency of migraines, triggers, and reliefs.
Very helpful! A great tool and I love that I can get a spread sheet of all the information to show my doctor
Great app!
It's easy to use and helpful so I can track migraines to help determine  causes to avoid and treatments that help get rid of them. The only think  I'd want to see changed is recommendations and info to help me learn more  about my migraines.
So far I like it. You do need to add the option of hysterectomy and menopause in period status. Hysterectomies can be partial or full. Might want to add hormones pills, injections or implants info.
I like how this app tracks everything.  It is a great help for doctor's visits and knowing my triggers.
Very helpful. Easy to use. Great way to track migraines
Would Like to be able to define the pain location more precise on the head map. Generally the app is great
A few additional features would make this an outstanding app.  First: Not all headaches are migraines. Some do escalate, but preventative meds can usually prevent that. Being able to differentiate between the two would be helpful.  Second: For women, it would be awesome to include a period tracker into the calendar. Sometimes there are correlations we aren't aware of.  Third: Create a profile to track all taken medicines, exercise, sleep, and food. Often there are food triggers from dietary changes that you can't initially identify.  Overall, the app is helpful, but limited in scope.
Definitely helps keep track of migraines for me and my doctor
Pros: makes it super easy for me to share with my doctor what's been going on with my migraines as it's all in an easy-to-read calendar. The developers seem to be really conscious of meeting users' needs and continuously improving the app.  Cons: cannot track changes in migraine intensity. Also, what the heck happened to the graph in the sleep trend section? I can't find it anywhere. Now it all shows up in a table, which is not at all conducive to quickly seeing trends over time. Please fix.
Will give it 5 when the crash issue is fixed. Every time I go to reliefs the app crashes. Other than that, I love it.
Very helpful for helping to keep track of my migraines and what has worked to relieve them. So many useful features.
Helps track migraines, triggers and the how long they last. With other  added options. It's a great app. But I would like a feature where I can  change the intensity of the migraine from day to day when it last more than  one day.
An extremely easy and stress free way to log all my migraines and sleep patterns for my doctors appointments  in great detail! I personally suffer with daily chronic migraine syndrome and get migraines everyday but the severity changes daily, so the only thing I would change on the app would be the ability to record constant migraines with changing symptoms. Which currently you can only do either separate occurrences or constant ones with the same symptoms. But fantastic little device :-)
Great app. Would be even better to record headaches and their treatment - even if they don't become migraine.
Didn't realize how often I got them until my doctor recommended me to keep a diary and sometimes I forget to log my sleep, but for the most part it's nice  to keep a log. Hope I can connect my Moov Now
Love being able to track my migraines and view my progress should be tailored to the user just a bit more like every time I record a migraine it ask me if my menstrual cycle is coming up being a male I don't think I have one in the way or sometimes it will have issues tracking my sleep if I could I'd go 4.5 stars
I am pleased it's so adjustable, to add different symptoms for example, and extensive notes. Not sure if I've just not found the button yet, but would be helpful to have an option for daily notes for a food/mood diary without having to record a migraine. Really helpful so far, hope it helps me and my doctors.
Great migraine tracker.  I use it all the time.
It's been very helpful tracking my symptoms. I like the ability to add my own description. Now when I see all my doctor's I can give dates and times and what was going on type of info. I hope it all comes to a point when I don't have them as frequent. Thanks I love it
This app allowed me to understand my migraine triggers and frequencies. I highly  recommend it.
I'm able to keep track of the headache so that I can get properly diagnosed.
only been using it for a couple weeks, so far it's been very helpful. i appreciate the ability to customize information. have been pleasantly surprised.
it's helpful and detailed  going to see if it helps me and my dr figure mine out. I couldn't figure out how to reply so extending this. They should have where record where it starts and where it remains or spreads too I answer the question of where it's at during. And maybe have two pain scales or an option to add other bc mine can go up and down great app tho told my dr and they are just as excited can an report be emailed if so how.
I just started using this app. It is nice to have choices to track and document.
Great to import results into a pdf for doctors or yourself to keep on hand. Helpful. Wish it had a larger medication library so I didn't have to put in so much of my own information.
I've always wanted to somehow keep track of my migraines to see patterns. This app lets me do that!
I have only been using for a short time, but it has been most helpful to me when tracking my migraine episodes from beginning to end. I can even add and customize it for my specific needs.
All of a sudden it asks me to confirm my sleep from last night! That's awesome! I also really like all the details for describing ur migraine & if it hurts to bad to finish the entry u can go back! I'm still learning everything & that's why it's not a 5!
Design and user interface is great!  As a first time use of an app like this, it is great!
Easy to use. Lots of options to get all the information down you need to keep track of your migraines and triggers.  Also helpful to use at drs appointments to share migrai e information.
This is the best migraine app I have tried. The sections all correspond with all the questions my doc wants to know about. My only problem is remembering to use it when I have a migraine 😊
easy to do even with migraine.
Very good app for helping identify triggers and track headaches. Has weather, pressure forecasts and places to put in notes. It does take time to get used to the app.  I have another pain condition I'd like to track with it and I sent the suggestion to add that and was told to track it as a migraine and add a different type. Not sure that will work but I was thankful for their quick and personal response.
Pretty good overall. I don't really understand how the triggers section ia supposed to work. I enter things I am exposed to, and I thought the app would compare that to when I have attacks to help me determine likely causes. However, it seems to just rate things as triggers b/c they are on there a lot, regardless of whether my headaches correlate. Also, the "Sun/Dehydration" one is confusing. Is this an and or an or statement? And dehydration is already an option. Recommend splitting these up.
Good tracking app
But after all the evaluation there is no prescription or analysis based on the provided info. It only helps to record the migraine but no help is there to get rid of migraine.
very comprehensive app for taking almost everything that can cause or worsen a migraine into account. a little buggy, though.
This app has been amazingly helpful to keep track of all my headaches. Much easier than trying to remember everything at the doctors office.  *Though it would be great if there was the ability to put the time you took whatever medication you took.
Solid design. Intuitive and informative, thanks for making something that  will help track my migraines effectively
I have only been using for a short time, but it has been most helpful to me when tracking my migraine episodes from beginning to end. I can even add and customize it for my specific needs.
Very helpful way to manage my headaches. Easy to use and enjoyable.
Can u give me an access code
Easy to use, would give it 5 stars but the weather portion does not work in my area.
This helps track my migraines and let's my Dr know what's going in too. There are a few things I would like to change but over all this is working.
easy to do even with migraine.
It covers soo many aspects of a migraine. V thorough and detailed.
This app has help me a lot, I am still trying to learn all of it's functions but so far it has been great, it helps me keep a record of my migraine headache, and it reminds me when I have an incomplete form, which is very helpful, as it is hard for me to stay focus especially with headaches so frequent. Thanks so much!!!
The app I've been looking for! Only wish there were a way to summarize the data for if/when I bring to doctor... feature may already be available and I haven't found if yet.. not sure lol
Great tool for helping to keep track of my migraines. I wasn't quite sure how many times or for how long I actually would go through my episodes. Now I can just pull from the reports and I can share with my doctor
I love this app.  But would like a bit more for actually inputting info like weather, exercise, diet.  The memo section is kind of annoying.
Great app..very useful.
Still figuring out how to best use the app. As I have ongoing daily migraines, I've decided to complete a record a day (even though I haven't been pain-free in between) - because severity fluctuates and to better track meds.
Only thing I wish were different is that I'd like to be able to track the pain progression. What the pain started at, peaks, did it get better at some point before getting worse, etc.
I liked the idea but there was more frustration trying to log in, it kept closing
I would like the option to add some medical history that could be aggravating factors. examples: menopause, fibromyalgia etc
Have only just started using but has been wonderful helping me to try and figure out triggers and to track how often migraines are, what works, how much medication I'm taking etc.  Would have given 5 stars if it had the ability to update Symptoms, Intensity etc DURING the headache to see how they evolve over the event.
New user - so far no complaints. Asks all the relevant details, but only when I report a migraine. On a daily basis I only input hours slept. There should be more especially in terms of medication - for instance those who are prescribed medicines to be taken on a daily basis should be able to record that even on days without migraines. Perhaps an option to set alerts to take the pills, etc.
This app is pretty good when used consistently. It's good for keeping track of headaches so that you can go back and have a better guess at what the cause is.
An excellent way to keep track of your migraines! I love that I only need to press one thing once a migraine starts, and the app reminds me to finish the entry off once the migraine has passed. I already knew my triggers but this is great for tracking frequency, duration and intensity. It definitely makes you feel more in control of your migraines.   One downside: ive stopped using the sleep tracking as I found it was draining too much of my battery during the day.
This app is really good. It helps me to keep a better track of how many migraines I get and what some triggers maybe.
Fab for keeping track
This app is helpful for tracking headaches and migraines. If anything it makes you more aware of your daily activities that might be triggering the migraines. I wish that we could add comments in the daily tracker (ie. # of alcoholic drinks rather than just selecting 'alcohol').
An OK app, for whatever reason I find it difficult to use with consistency
Good ap for discovery tool.  It analysis all data and gives you different charts about your migraines.  For example,  average amount of sleep prior to migraine,  percentage of what time of a day migraines occur,  percentage of relief possibility of different treatments,  etc. Many nice functions.  Not perfect but much more complete than others.
I really like this app for keeping track of my migraines.  The sleep part still doesn't work and you can't go back in and modify things after you confirm.  So if I get relief from something while ongoing I can't input it without deleting.  But overall a good app.
Very complete app for tracking migraines. Helpful for use with my neurologist.
Like this better than headache diary pro. Easy to use and detailed.
great app and easy to use!
I am pleased it's so adjustable, to add different symptoms for example, and extensive notes. Not sure if I've just not found the button yet, but would be helpful to have an option for daily notes for a food/mood diary without having to record a migraine. Really helpful so far, hope it helps me and my doctors.
Attractive interface and easy to use. I also find it very helpful in tracking the frequency and intensity of my migraines. This information helps me to identify which treatment methods work and to which degree.
The soothing colors and the icons depicting various triggers and symptoms add just enough visual interest w/o insult that I think I might improve my headache-logging consistency. Looking forward to the addition of social features.
Keeping track of my sleep patterns has been as important lately as keeping track of my migraines! Love that I can do both in one place!
Great way to help you track your migraines. Options to add extra symptoms/treatment other than those listed. I found helpful in working out frequency and triggers.
Really helpful app. It was really helpful to track down and see.
This is very helpful when I see my Neurologist!
Very useful, for keeping track of more than just migraines, you can keep track of your sleep and I find that really useful.
Easy to use, and i like that it is so easy to track sleep.  I think some grey area choices would be helpful,  like "sort of helped" for meds or sleep etc, plus choices for menstruation imminent,  here, just over, to help you pin down timing of onset. But overall,  really good app, thanks healint!
Active notification during episode is one of the best features of this app, even tho it does chew up battery life.    Fairly extensive, with options to add fields not already included in triggers, symptoms, remedies and so on. Dev is working on logging pain increasing/decreasing within an episode & other requested features. Would like a way to link to food log apps e.g. My Fitness Pal to solve redundant data entry. It's slowly getting there.
Very interesting and opened my eyes to more triggers. Will continue to use and learn new aspects of tracking.
Very useful app. I will continue to use it.
Definitely helps keep track of migraines for me and my doctor
its good but the way it records time it thinks i was sleeping is annoying. It asks if a slept during class or work hours and when I select NO. it opens a new window instead  of deleting the record,i have to then select delete entree and confirm it again. i dont know why i completed the time i usually sleep if its going to ask me very time i dont use de phone if i was sleeping.
This has been great in helping me track headaches & gather info to report back to my doctor.
👍👍👍nice
Seems ok just started using it which there was a way to turn off notifications
I thought this was a very helpful app for logging my migraines and very detailed.
Didn't realize how often I got them until my doctor recommended me to keep a diary and sometimes I forget to log my sleep, but for the most part it's nice  to keep a log. Hope I can connect my Moov Now
This is an excellent tool for me. I really like the fact that it records weather data, as that seems to be a big trigger where I live.
Excellent for Migraine Tracking
Great app. Easy to use. Suggested a few upgrades. Got quick positive reply.
This app is very helpful for anyone who suffers from migraines.
Really helps me keep track of all my migraines
I feel proud to be taking my own life into my own hands.
My very own migraine diary! Helps me to keep track of the attacks, severity, food, triggers and sleep record. Really helpful app!
I like the way everything is set up.  Its very user friendly, and it's nice visually.  It seems very helpful in the way it tracks everything.  The only change I'd like to see is maybe a way to track the intensity throughout the migraine.  Mine usually start around a 1 or 2 for 6 or more hours, then progress.  This app just had one number for the whole duration of the migraine.  Its great otherwise, though.
Great! Track your migraines against your sleep patterns & other triggers, including barometric pressure changes. Migraine Buddy allows migraineurs who are sensitive to pressure changes to see current pressure and upcoming predictions to be prepared. The sleep sensor is unreliable which is why I didn't give it a full 5 🌟 s but app lets you adjust & correct actual sleep time. It can also track & remind you of doctor's appointments. Multiple social boards let you share info w/ other migraineurs.
So useful and comprehensive.
This app is very helpful for anyone who suffers from migraines.
This is great to show my doctor is a certain drug or therapy is beneficial to me. It can quantify my feedback.
I love this app and it's been really helpful I just wish I could identify where the pain of my migraine was at multiple points in ny migraine because it moves a lot I'd end up having the whole head covered
Simple and easy to use app.
Great tool to track causes of headaches
Great! Track your migraines against your sleep patterns & other triggers, including barometric pressure changes. Migraine Buddy allows migraineurs who are sensitive to pressure changes to see current pressure and upcoming predictions to be prepared. The sleep sensor is unreliable which is why I didn't give it a full 5 🌟 s but app lets you adjust & correct actual sleep time. It can also track & remind you of doctor's appointments. Multiple social boards let you share info w/ other migraineurs.
Great
I love the options offered for monitoring and tracking my headaches, it allows me to provide so much more detail than I would have thought of on my own, to help me figure out my triggers, best remedies,  sleep patterns,  etc.
Helpful with discovering what doesn't trigger(extremely helpful). Sleep sensor kills my phone. Can't use it.
I get these monster of migraines alot this app helps
Good tracker
I'm able to keep track of the headache so that I can get properly diagnosed.
I've only used the app about 5 times but seems to be good so far.
Glad they made this!!
I'm able to keep track of the headache so that I can get properly diagnosed.
Great tool
Love the layout. My only complaints are that the medication section needs to have an option to put what time you took each one, and the city buddy list should really be lowered to 50 not 150
Really good that i can adjust and add my own symptoms. Just annoying it wont stop hounding me to enter stuff...Still working the app out...Ive had a few wierd crashes with this app but thats because i disabled notifications...
I love it. I have a horrible memory and reminds me to update my info
Good tracker
This app has helped me keep good records to share with my doctor. I would live to see my weather app linked. They have migraine predictions and I would like to see how closely their predictions sync with my migraines and vice versa.
I have started using this recently and i might just work out a few things about my migraines.  Impressed how easy it is to use. It might be slightly more effective if there were an optional food diary attached.
Would be even better if there was an option to record the type of pain, such as dull throbbing or sharp stabbing pains.
Great application. Tracks and keeps up with migraine headaches and offers good information and advice via their Q and A and chat.
I found the app initially difficult to use and navigate, but that may have just been a result of trying to work an app with a migraine. Slowly figuring it out. So far I like it. I like best that I can add symptom and medications that are not in the provided list, and being able to make notes about my attack.
Love this app, really comprehensive way to track my migraines so I have viable data for the doctor. However, after the latest update, I can't even get the app to open properly. It crashes constantly, especially after I enabled the daily triggers. However, now I can't get it to stay open long enough to disable them. Can we get a stability patch please?
I like that this app. is easy to use.
Migraine buddy is one of my favorite apps. It's mostly intuitive however I cannot figure out how to remove a medication reminder.   The app is easy to use to record migraines and I like having the ability to add symptoms, meds, etc.  I use the app often and share information with my dr.
I have a migraine while typing this. (Sorry) I love this app. I've only had it 3? days and am still getting use to it plus have ?s, hence the 4 stars. I know I'd definitely tell people to get this app.   Could there be a time stamp for different symptoms? Different meds? Mostly I wonder if a food diary could be added with time stamps. I love simplicity so wouldn't like another app. A food diary would complete this imho.
I've always been meaning to track my migraines to identify a pattern - if any - and have never got around to it, until now. This is a great app, easy to use and navigate.
I really liked seeing the new reports feature but it keeps saying my email address isn't valid.  I tried another email address and it says the same thing.  :(
Love it, even the colours are suitable for me. I can see just how bad I get in objective terms and am keep to support research too
Great!!
Brilliant but could do with expanding a little more so that can add more medication and track how much has been taken
this app is great. it helps me track my migraines which helps my doctor and I find the best treatment options.
Good app
Wishing I could also track the regular almost constant headaches and symptoms as well without the migraine tag.
I've been experiencing chronic migraines, almost daily. This app has been helpful in showing me patterns and possible triggers that occur most. Only used it a couple of weeks so far, but plan to continue to gather more data. I like reminders and being able to delay entering info, as looking at a device is not conducive to light sensitivity during a migraine.
Pretty good. It would be really great if i could sync my Fitbit w/the app. I also wish there was a better way to record when the headache gets worse or better. For example if I could use the pain level slider during the headache to show what level my headache is it would be helpful... so I could start at a 7, but after taking my medication i could change the slider to a 3 and it would record. The notes section doesn't feel that useful but I'll have to see what my doctor thinks of the info.
It was,easy to install and I haven't had any problems  with app. I love the fact that I can figure out what is triggering my migraines.
Easy to use. Lots of options to get all the information down you need to keep track of your migraines and triggers.  Also helpful to use at drs appointments to share migrai e information.
The app is great. I've been using it for a couple months. Would be nice to have a comment box for the migraine. For weird notes that aren't necessarily going to be common.
Such a great app for tracking my migraines, it's helped me find some triggers and helps me control them. Would be 5 stars if I could change the pain intensity during a migraine as its not a constant pain level
I still haven't figured out my triggers, but I have information stored for my next appointment. That helps tremendously.
Not very user friendly when it comes to adding friends. But I like the reminder.
This will help
Good so far. Would be good to input on non migraine days. Might help to eliminate triggers etc
It works for me but I wish there was a way to note the change in pain intensity.
its good but the way it records time it thinks i was sleeping is annoying. It asks if a slept during class or work hours and when I select NO. it opens a new window instead  of deleting the record,i have to then select delete entree and confirm it again. i dont know why i completed the time i usually sleep if its going to ask me very time i dont use de phone if i was sleeping.
I like this app!
I love this app! I have been using it for several months now. I have chronic migraines that can last from hours to weeks. The simplicity of this app is wonderful. The ability to customize it to suit your needs is a huge plus. Due to the sometimes lengthy nature of my migraines, I need an app that lets me record what meds I've taken and when. I need this to be accurate to avoid complications and rebound. Right now, this app does not have a simple way to do that. Add this, you've got 5 stars!!
I'm wondering if there's a link b/w my migraine and periods and would like to track both with the same app. I'm currently using Migraine Buddy for migraines and another app for periods. It'll be easy if their calendars could be merged, or if migraine buddy could track my periods too.
Thanks so much for this free app it is very helpful in keeping track of these terrible headaches, this information will be helpful for my doctor to better treat these chronic migraines.
It is a nice tracker and well thought out. Even though i understand that you should be paid and programming is time consuming, I wish it didn't cost so much. Thanks for all the time spent coding it and for allowing some of it to be free.
An app for us migraine sufferers has been long overdue.   This allows me to keep track of the important areas which affect my migraines.  Recording sleep snd weather absolutely crucial to planning for the future.
I've done manual journal's to record diet, when headache occurs, etc, but having this app with the graphs and everything is encouraging.  I feel I will be able to get more conclusive data concerning my migraines which I have suffered with for over 20 years.   The one area I didn't notice addressed with the app is preventative medication section. Thanks for coming up with this app.
App gathers & organizes variety of mental-physical data useful to neurologists & persons who suffer headaches, not only migraines. Waiting with regard to this review's Fifth Star until I check in with my neurologist.
I installed the app while in the midst of day 3 of a migraine. I'm needing to track my migraines for my doctor. I left it open as the migraine hasn't ended and the notification that I need to complete my migraine entry is annoying me. I'd love to be able to turn that notification feature off. I uninstalled the app, I don't feel like dealing with that on my screen constantly for the duration of this migraine as my last one last month was 11 days.
This is very helpful when I see my Neurologist!
Would like to move to SD card. It would save space on my phone. Still have not done as of 10/15/15 Now that you have an update 10/15/15 your pop-up says you did updates needs to go after the 3rd time at the very least any more than that and it's just a pain in the butt to deal with I definitely have know wish to fool with during or after a migraine. As of now I have to back out of it every time I use it.
How do I change it to logged as a tension headache
I have severe migrains and this app helps me track them for my future doctors appointments
The app is well laid out and easy to use. The only trouble I had was imputing dates using the rolling date selector as it did not have all the numbers or months on. Overall a good app but needs some more work.
Best app for chronic migraine patients
It had been a great tool to help log my migraines/severe headaches.
Love this app. Has been so helpful to track my migraines.  Although the latest version is no longer reminding me to record daily triggers and is also not recording my sleep. This is despite both options being on in the settings.  That aside brilliant app!
I really like this app. It is right on the mark. I just wish it would record the regular headaches. I end up recording them with a lower intensity. But that is ok. It has helped me a lot
This is a pretty awesome app
Sometimes I forget to go back to it for times, but it's very helpful being able to record the pains, and lengthy periods of my migraines. Very well put together.
I really like how you can email and print a chart for your records and/or for your Dr. (Whom likes that I am using this app too). UPDATE 5/23/16: I have been wondering how weather & pressure affect my migraines  so now since i have updated I can. Looking forward to sharing what I learn with my Dr.
I'd love to be able pick certain things to record every day like sleep, cups of  coffee, neck pain etc to monitor and compare on migraine days vs non migraine days. Sometimes it's a combination, which you can't pinpoint until you see both sets of data. That would get you 5 stars.  Otherwise I love this app and have recommended  it to a few people now.
Best app for chronic migraine patients
Great for understanding my migraines better and talking to my doctors to get a better treatment plan.
Easy to use, esp when in the throws of a migraine, very important. An impressive start,needs a little more tweaking and then will be a standout. Well done & thank you!
Love being able to track my migraines and what helps and doesnt
Great app for recording migraines
Use it weekly, nearly daily for tracking.  Plenty of information provided.  Very useful.
Great app. Very easy to use. Extremely helpful with tracking triggers and sleep patterns
This app has been wonderful in helping keep track of my headaches and sleep. Best way to track and even has a way to give you a report to show to your doctor, which is awesome!
It helps me and my doctors keep track of my headaches and migraines.
I really like the app. It stopped automatically tracking my sleep for some reason though. I went into the setting and the auto tracker was still set to on. Will continue to use. I noticed that I sleep longer the night before I get my headaches.
Handy way to collect and record detailed info on my migraines. Also great to analyse my sleep patterns.
Easy to use, easy to customize, clearly designed by people who understand migraines!
Super detailed and useful. Would love to see more options for each category in the migraine questionnaire, but no complaints. I always recommend this to people.
While I would appreciate more room to explain the rest of the day, since lifestyle affects triggers... it has been a very useful app to me. The sleep tracking has been very helpful to me, the details about the migraines that can be recorded. It's been very convenient in tracking this chronic problem. Migraines are awful; having some easy way to document them makes the stress much more bearable.
Great for understanding my migraines better and talking to my doctors to get a better treatment plan.
Helpful app to keep track of my migraines and what reliefs I've tried (and more of course). My doctor found the information from the app "helpful and complete" when I sought treatment for them.
Helpful and Easy to manage
The app is great and really helpful I am around a year into suffering with  migraine and the app is helpful to track and monitor things and does help  you to spot possible agitators. I have been diagnosed with chronic migrane  which doesn't stop I have varying levels of pain . It would be handy if the  app allowed for recording this more accurately as some things don't update  as it shows as a single attack record. It's important to keep it recorded  as this as the single episode not multiple attacks. However the app is  really good and very helpful and easy to use.
I'm able to keep track of the headache so that I can get properly diagnosed.
Great app but would appreciate multiple users for example to add kids
Great app easy to use. I found the paper diaries to difficult and I always forgot about them. Never forget my phone.                                            adding: dropping it down to 4 stars it won't load any more so I can't track migraines all it does is track my sleep. Frustrating
I love this app and it's been really helpful I just wish I could identify where the pain of my migraine was at multiple points in ny migraine because it moves a lot I'd end up having the whole head covered
Could use a better place to make comments and some medication isn't listed. Love the rest of the format. So happy it  can be this easy to track migraines
Helps track migraines, triggers and the how long they last. With other  added options. It's a great app. But I would like a feature where I can  change the intensity of the migraine from day to day when it last more than  one day.
Pros: makes it super easy for me to share with my doctor what's been going on with my migraines as it's all in an easy-to-read calendar. The developers seem to be really conscious of meeting users' needs and continuously improving the app.  Cons: cannot track changes in migraine intensity. Also, what the heck happened to the graph in the sleep trend section? I can't find it anywhere. Now it all shows up in a table, which is not at all conducive to quickly seeing trends over time. Please fix.
Recording the pain and keeping track of my meds is necessary. This app has been great. But it can't record your menstrual cycle day and that would be important.
But this app deserves a great one. Very helpful and detailed in tracking migraines. I recommend it to everyone who needs a good way to track their headaches and triggers.
The will help me a lot..it been hard figuring out what the case is..
Helped me find patterns
Only thing I would change is more versatility on pain location.  But this app is awesome! I've been using it for several months now and it has helped me narrow down my headache triggers.
app works great, I wish there was a way to input my own triggers, cuz I know mine.  But for figuring out triggers, it's great! Tracking migraines is a breeze
Good options for taking many factors for migraines, and easy to use while having one; easy to recognize pictures, and easy to follow steps. Pattern tracking is fabulous. Has some factors I hadn't considered for my own migraines. Very useful app!
Excellent for Migraine Tracking
Helps me keep track
It works amazing but I'd love to see a new icon and a better design at the main screen. :)
The docs wanted a diary of my migraines and this has more than helped being able to log everything not just the day!! Excellent app!!
Nice app. Would have given 5 stars but I think the email reports need to show more information. Ie graphs and the other tabs info.
Covers everything I need to track, with my migraines, for my Doctor.
Still a new user but it seems to cover all the bases regarding what i want to track. I want to be able to go to my doctor and tell them with what frequency i have migraines, so that was my main motivation for using this app.
Love this app. Makes it easier for me to track info about my migraines. Wish I had it years ago. But what is with the dorky and childlike icon. Please update it with something more sophisticated and modern. I'm almost embarrassed to have it in on my phone. Was this intended for kids?
I have never been able to keep a migraine journal. This app is so easy to use & knows what questions a Dr would ask. Makes keeping up with my migraines much easier!
I'm helping my daughter track her headaches/migraines.  Since she always seems to have a constant low level headache, it would be nice not to have to commit to an 'ending' time.  This way we can see how pain fluctuates during a 24hr. period and perhaps see patterns.  Any suggestions how to get around this? Otherwise a great thoughtful app.
This is a great app for tracking migraines. It's helped me to focus on what my warning signs are for migraines and jump on them quickly to help reduce pain intensity as well as total migraine duration. I only give it 4 stars though because I really wish there was an easier way to track the ramp up and ramp down of a migraine, pain intensity changes, and times that medicines were taken. Otherwise, wonderful app!
Makes it easy for my son to keep track of his migraines and not have to write things down.
This is a great tracker that pretty much covers all the bases and is super easy to use.
This is an excellent tracker! There are so many options that you can put into it. And it's a great way to see what some of my triggers might be and trying to establish a pattern to look out for. Now if only I could remember to enter the 'daily tracker' info, I'd probably have even better reports in the app! 😉
Love this app been needing to keep track for many many years but never thought of an app. Thank you love the sleep tracker it is a great tool
So useful and comprehensive.
I love this app.  But would like a bit more for actually inputting info like weather, exercise, diet.  The memo section is kind of annoying.
Great app. This has helped me tracked symptoms of my concussion.
Helpful
I love this app. It's a very handy app and helps me keep track of my headaches and what triggers them. Very helpful!
It's a huge help in noting trends. *Heard from developer, which was a nice surprise! The sleep tracker is what it is, no bug or tech problem. Not sure why it said I did 4 stars, I chose all 5! This app has been a lifesaver for me. Sleep tracker has changed, but it's all good. If you suffer from migraine or have recently been diagnosed with migraine, this is a MUST in helping you.
The app is great and really helpful I am around a year into suffering with  migraine and the app is helpful to track and monitor things and does help  you to spot possible agitators. I have been diagnosed with chronic migrane  which doesn't stop I have varying levels of pain . It would be handy if the  app allowed for recording this more accurately as some things don't update  as it shows as a single attack record. It's important to keep it recorded  as this as the single episode not multiple attacks. However the app is  really good and very helpful and easy to use.
Even my doctors are impressed with this and how much feedback it can give them.
Great for understanding my migraines better and talking to my doctors to get a better treatment plan.
I like the reminders every day and it's very easy to use
Nice app. The sleep tracker is great. Would add aura position (if that's even a thing)
I really like how you can email and print a chart for your records and/or for your Dr. (Whom likes that I am using this app too). UPDATE 5/23/16: I have been wondering how weather & pressure affect my migraines  so now since i have updated I can. Looking forward to sharing what I learn with my Dr.
Very intuitive app with descriptive enough icons that keep stain from causing more pain. I've only just started using it, but two improvements I'd make would be tracking the evolution of events, and adding a widget.
I wish I can scan the barcode of medication I use to add them into database
Really good app only been using it for a day so far. May I suggest adding two things though. One is to the sleep chart. For times you woke up during the night. Another is times you had food and a note section for what you ate so you can see if eating at different times triggers migraines or eating certain food at certain times causes migraines. Other than that it is really handy and a great app. I was loathe to write down all the time I was in pain. Bad enough I was in pain let alone writing about it when I wasn't but this app is quick, user friendly and convenient. Thank you so much!
There needs to be a note section and more flexibility to remove and add triggers and remedies.
So far I am enjoying the features. Thank you
Great for tracking migraines to see if there is a pattern, with a cause. I  can see at a glance how I've been doing, and can even almost predict the  next migraine. Love this App!!!!
Wonderful App
The best migraine tracking app I've found so far, and I'm only using the free version.  Only complaints so far are that it is not easy to figure out how to change medications and other settings once you set them up without deleting them, but not a huge problem so far. Good job on the app!
Migraine buddy is one of my favorite apps. It's mostly intuitive however I cannot figure out how to remove a medication reminder.   The app is easy to use to record migraines and I like having the ability to add symptoms, meds, etc.  I use the app often and share information with my dr.
Really like this app. I wish the paid portion wasn't too much for me. On the bright side, there are no ads!
I have chronic migraines and Migraine Buddy makes it easier to keep all my info in one place which is also easy to pull up my chart  to share with my neurologist.
It's a bit slow but it does help me keep track of migraines and it's not ugly like all the other migraine apps. I wish there was a month by month comparison so that I can see the trend. I'd also love to be able to export to a CSV file. And last but not least I decided to contribute to the app but on the payment page realised that it's not over HTTPS! A huge security issue! Once you fix it I'll gladly contribute.
This app is very helpful in tracking my migraines and seeing what  contributes to its duration and intensity.
Easy to use, would give it 5 stars but the weather portion does not work in my area.
Hope this helps out!
Grateful for it
Lots of information, well "filed" and the best of the apps for this that I have found.
This program is easy to use and allows for modifications to categories much simpler than any other programs I tried. I especially like the sleep timer.
I like the reports generated  & symptoms & triggers etc
I suffer from chronic cluster migraines and this app has helped me keep track and manage them
But it would be better if there was a widget button for 'start migraine', so I don't have to figure out what time it is, etc...looking at the screen is painful once a migraine starts.
I think it would be great to have a tab to look at potential migraine triggers and relief options, just for reference. My personal report has been very helpful, but having a full list outside of that would be excellent.
Good tracking app to show to my Neurologist during my visits
This is a great app. I wish there was a better way to track med doses, pain, treatments, etc on a timeline then a graph to see what is working and what is not. Or even a position tracker for standing sitting laying front back sidlying. For those applying for disability this could be a great asset.
I need to be able to print out the graphs and other data for my egotistical Neurologist. He refuses to just take my phone and look at the data. He wants it in a hard copy so that he can put it in my chart. Otherwise, I find this app very useful.
Was skeptical, but turns out to be really good. Don't know what's going on in the last week, but it won't let me sign in; only reason it didn't get 5 stars!
Helps me keep up with triggers and pain levels and helps my neurologists see how I am doing.         My only issue was the space to enter in triggers, meds, etc. 20 characters is sometimes not enough. Also, could be helpful to add if an ER or urgent care visit was required  so the doc can see that when I export it.
This has been easy to get started with, hope to rate this again once I have been using for more than a week.
Keeping track of my sleep patterns has been as important lately as keeping track of my migraines! Love that I can do both in one place!
It is so easy to use and easy to read.
Nice app
Likes to kick me out and make me sign back in but otherwise good
Very  helpful for  when I  go to the  doctor, not having to just remember when I last  had a  migraine.
While I've only just started using this app and wish I could record  headaches as well as migraines. Maybe we can like I said I've only  misstated using this app and I'm still learning its functions but do far it  has been a help in helping me record information for my doctor do together  we might be able to treat me with a better out come than a headache or  migraine everyday
Has room for a couple improvements.  Waiting to see how WIP features mentioned in comments/replies of suggestion page come out.
The best migraine tracking app I've found so far, and I'm only using the free version.  Only complaints so far are that it is not easy to figure out how to change medications and other settings once you set them up without deleting them, but not a huge problem so far. Good job on the app!
I've started using this to track my headaches. I don't get migraines, but I do get headaches daily. Some of the prompts seem specific to migraines, so it's kinda weird. And often I'm tracking a headache from when I get up in the morning until I go to bed at night. (I use 'bug me later' a lot!) But it is helpful to make notes, and track pain levels and reliefs.
Very  helpful for  when I  go to the  doctor, not having to just remember when I last  had a  migraine.
easy to do even with migraine.
I thought this was a very helpful app for logging my migraines and very detailed.
I live the user interface. Simple and customizable.
ShaRon Carter
Easy enough to use. Can easily be added to and edited. I wish I could delete the preprogrammed stuff I do t need. I also wish I could input each dose of meds I take. Also my migraines might be a 2 or 3 for days then spike to a 9. I wish I could log the pain with a time rather tha the make a whole new entry.  I like that you can tell it to bother you later if you hurt to much to fill it all out and it sits in your icon tray to remind you to finish it. Oh, and I love the sleep tracker!
Would be good to be able to change the severity throughout the migraine and delete things to
Love this app ! Very easy to use and very helpful when I see my neurologist.  There's a couple things that would be an awesome addition. Being able to track your pain level by each day instead of by the "overall" length of the migraine.  Also, being able to track what medications you used and which ones worked by each day instead of the overall length of the migraine.
Like that it can start recording a migraine before the end.
The will help me a lot..it been hard figuring out what the case is..
Helps me find some triggers
This app has helped me determine my triggers and manage my migraines better.
It helps me keep up with my migraines an triggers, sleep patterns.
Very helpful
I love this app. It's good to have all the info without struggling and wasting time to get it. Thank you
Really useful app for recording data and identifying any potential trends that trigger migraine . Can monitor frequency and impact of migraine on work/leisure. User friendly and my GP is impressed too!
Wish it had the ability to input the weather for each individual day your having a migraine instead of the day the migraine starts. Ie I've been having migraine for 9 days and I my face pain level weather meds etc for 1st day.
They added "ok relief scale," to rate how helpful a relief was, and descriptions of how to use each step, which is helpful for new users.
Its very helpful for my nerologist
I have had migraines my whole life, chronically for the last 5 years.  I tend to assume things about my migraines, triggers and medications.  Using this app has provided me with much clearer information to use with my doctor and family to decide on appropriate next steps in treatment and migraine management. It would be helpful to have pop up menu of longer list of abortive medications as well as the ability to update pain level and medicine taken on timeline to see the course the attack and what works when.
Pretty good. It's helping my neurologist and I to track the pattern of my  migraines to try & figure out why I have them so often and why they are so  bad.
Useful tool
I like the UI. It is very easy to work with. Helped me realize that my medication was contributing to my headaches.
I feel like the creators of this app really understand migraines
Thanks
Clean UI and great UX. It would be nice if you could -  1. Update for tracking specific food habits as possible triggers. 2. Record varying intensity of pain during the  span of a migraine.  3. The sharing of reports via email is not proper. Please also look into this.  Otherwise, it's a great app to track and record migraines. Good job!!
Nice app
Great at helping me to understand my condition, could do with better medicine application
Pleasantly surprised by the amount of detail you can put into the logs and  the user interface is relatively easy to use
Love it for taking to my doctor for follow up appointments and for following triggers, etc.
Very helpful to track migraines and find cause for them
Really like app. Helps me keep accurate notes of pain/cycling.
Good app
My dr. Adviced me to use migraine app diary to track what causes my migraine... And this app seems to be the best there is.... Pls heeelp... Kindly give me access code please... I woild really appreciate it... Id really would like to use this app...
Great app!
Just about perfect.
Pretty good overall. I don't really understand how the triggers section ia supposed to work. I enter things I am exposed to, and I thought the app would compare that to when I have attacks to help me determine likely causes. However, it seems to just rate things as triggers b/c they are on there a lot, regardless of whether my headaches correlate. Also, the "Sun/Dehydration" one is confusing. Is this an and or an or statement? And dehydration is already an option. Recommend splitting these up.
I live the user interface. Simple and customizable.
My neurologist asked that I keep a migraine log, and as a 30 plus year sufferer, this is the best version of a log I've ever used.
The only thing missing for me is the ability to tracking a change in the pain intensity throughout my migraines. Right now now it's a static number for how bad the pain was when the migraine started. I love the "bother me later" option, the last thing I want to do with a migraine is stare at my phone screen. Great app!
I want to delete all my files at once and start over. The app seems to only let you delete one entry at a time. Please fix this.
I loved this app on my LG G5, but recently got. Samsung galaxy S9+ and it  no longer automatically tracks my sleep, or reminds me to track my  triggers/daily activities despite allowing notifications. Not sure if it's  that the app hasn't caught up to the newer phones, or a glitch. I miss it  and hope I can figure it out soon so I don't have a large gap in my  sleep/trigger tracking.
It's a bit slow but it does help me keep track of migraines and it's not ugly like all the other migraine apps. I wish there was a month by month comparison so that I can see the trend. I'd also love to be able to export to a CSV file. And last but not least I decided to contribute to the app but on the payment page realised that it's not over HTTPS! A huge security issue! Once you fix it I'll gladly contribute.
Useful tool
I am pretty happy with the basicness of this app and I like the fact that suggestions made are being taken into consideration for updated versions. Thank you for this easy way to track migraines and keep a list for my doctor.
Great app.
Brilliant app really useful for me and my doctor
Wonderful. Very helpful
New user - so far no complaints. Asks all the relevant details, but only when I report a migraine. On a daily basis I only input hours slept. There should be more especially in terms of medication - for instance those who are prescribed medicines to be taken on a daily basis should be able to record that even on days without migraines. Perhaps an option to set alerts to take the pills, etc.
Easy to use and so far is my go to app. Will have a better opinion after using it a bit longer
The docs wanted a diary of my migraines and this has more than helped being able to log everything not just the day!! Excellent app!!
I enjoy having my log for the doctor's office.
I really like how you can email and print a chart for your records and/or for your Dr. (Whom likes that I am using this app too). UPDATE 5/23/16: I have been wondering how weather & pressure affect my migraines  so now since i have updated I can. Looking forward to sharing what I learn with my Dr.
Helpful app to track my migraine👍
I wish I could record what the weather is and whether or not I woke up with it. Also- every night it's recording two sleep cycles back to back. What's up with that? Overall, a great app to track my migraines and triggers.
Would love to be able to track broken sleep better. Other than that, this app is extremely useful, and I'd definitely recommend it.
As long as you log your sleep feelings etc. You can work with it.
Great app for keeping track of migraines.  It also keeps track of your sleep.  It'll let you know when you've gone so many days without a migraine.
Can be a little buggy and slow to load but generally good
I don't often get migraines but I have headaches multiple times per week and this is a great way to track them. Far better than any headache tracker I've tried even if not all the fields apply. I can show this to my doctor now.
Not enough information yet for reporting but I like the options.
I am pleased it's so adjustable, to add different symptoms for example, and extensive notes. Not sure if I've just not found the button yet, but would be helpful to have an option for daily notes for a food/mood diary without having to record a migraine. Really helpful so far, hope it helps me and my doctors.
Easy to use, has helped me identify triggers.
A useful tracking tool. Looking forward to gleaning more helpful information to be able to manage my migraines better - inputting triggers and headache data daily but not a lot of actionable output as yet.
I really like the new calendar graph. I can easily see how my sleep is effecting my migraines.
I don't know how to record days affected before migraine attack.
Really useful app for recording data and identifying any potential trends that trigger migraine . Can monitor frequency and impact of migraine on work/leisure. User friendly and my GP is impressed too!
I'm a chronic migraine sufferer, and mine are caused by chronic candidiasis rather than any of the usual causes, so I appreciate being able to add my own variables in terms of triggers, medication, etc. I love the reports that are generated. The sleep generator is downright spooky! There are some things I could wish for, but the creators have a feedback site linked from within the app which contains many items on my wish list. And many suggestions get responses.
Great app. It's great how you can put so much information in about your migraine attack. Best app I have used so far.
I just recently started getting more frequent migraines and wanted to track them. Migraine buddy is helping me do this easily.
Helpful, but during a migraine it's too much. I like the concept, but find  myself using it less and less because my migraines are so frequent and it  takes so long to record the info. The info that is compiled is great for  discussing with the doc and tracking with this app is super helpful.
easy to use. helpful.
New. Version collects wx data. What does it do with it?  Not on reports.    Samsung s3
Great app!
I get chronic migraines and tension headaches with chronic pain and stress.  This app has been a big help in keeping track of how often I'm getting them so I can update my doctor.  Before I was tracking them on paper and I'd always forget to write everything down.  This is easy, manageable and very helpful.  Well done
The only thing that would make it better would be the ability to enter what I've eaten as I'm still trying to find my triggers.
New version no longer auto-detects my sleep, not sure why.  Now I have to try and remember when I fell asleep for tracking.  I like that the barometric pressure tracker is more accurate now.
Love all the info that can be gathered from the app!
Great app but I would like to be able to transfer data to the SD card
This is very helpful! My neurologist loved that it can track triggers, reliefs, medications, duration, etc. Makes tracking migraines so easy.
Would like to be able to keep track of different pain levels.. like if meds were somewhat effective and the pain lessens.
This app is really helpful I love this app
If you're looking for an app that will help track your migraines this is amazing!
Newest update won't install.. I deleted and tried a fresh install and now I can't even reinstall it. I get an error 505 every time.
The application makes me think about how I feel which in turn gives me better understand.
Great features and options. Clear reports.  One thing i would like to see easier on reports though is weather information.  It tracks and records it, but its hard to see actual weather patterns that might trigger.
I like that this app. is easy to use.
Like the app but..... sucks battery like crazy even with sleep monitor disabled.
The app I've been looking for! Only wish there were a way to summarize the data for if/when I bring to doctor... feature may already be available and I haven't found if yet.. not sure lol
I like this app because I can write in notes. There is more options than other apps. I would love to be able to put in the times that I took my meds as sometimes I have to take them more than once. But all in all a good app.
This app knows when in sleeping. I don't know how it works, but it's accurate!
It was,easy to install and I haven't had any problems  with app. I love the fact that I can figure out what is triggering my migraines.
Just started using it, and seems really good. Good list of options to choose from.  Can't wait to see the analysis.
Its hard to use at first but for the most part you can get the hang of it. I love how easy and detailed it is at tracking my headaces. As a student and a chronic migraine child it makes it easier to explain to my doctors whats going on.
Love this app, didn't know there was anything like it until I read about it on several migraine web sites. I love how you can customise everything in each section. The only problem I have is usually two days out of the week, it doesn't track my sleep, and there appears to be no way of adding it manually? And I actually set it beside me in bed because I also use a natural wake up app on my phone to help relieve stress. All in all a wonderful app and helps me feel more in control now. Thanks so much for this!
I love this app. It's a very handy app and helps me keep track of my headaches and what triggers them. Very helpful!
Very inclusive
Best migraine tracking app I have used
Helps me keep all info for my chronic migraines, for my doctor.
A useful tracking tool. Looking forward to gleaning more helpful information to be able to manage my migraines better - inputting triggers and headache data daily but not a lot of actionable output as yet.
It's good for keeping track. Triggers are still not easy to figure out.
Easy and helpful
I just started using this app so far I love the work it is doing for me! Is there a way to store photos ? This would be helpful.  My face swells during a migraine and it be important to document ? Keep up the amazing work and thank u for this app!
Should have ability to record changes in migraine. They don't always have the same pain level or symptoms during the attack.
The app is very helpful. The only thing I want to do when I have a migraine is try to sleep. I can record it any time and add on later. Then i send it to my doctor easily. I love being told how long it's been since my last migraine.
Love all the info that can be gathered from the app!
Very easy to use . Love this little app
This is very helpful in tracking patterns. I finally uninstalled it tho only because my migraines are under control (for now) may use it again in the future
Would be great to synchronise with Withings software. Otherwise, has been a very useful tool and tracker.
I use this often...my only suggestion is to have 0 pain scale for silent migraines, or describe a 1 as "headache,  not too painful, not sure it's a migraine"...
I started using this app to try and find what was causing my migraines. I like that I can add additional information. Highly recommend this app. With all the amazing updates this app is even more valuable in helping mt track my migraines.  There is only one thing I'd like to be able to do, and that is update the pain level throughout an entry. My pain levels often fluctuate during an episode. Depending on medication and current environment.  Thanks for a wonderful app.
It is very helpful and I enjoy keeping track of my migraine and my sleep.
Good tracker
Fairly good app. I would like it if it had an hour by hour scale for pain and medications, rather than just one for the initial start if the migrane. You can add notes though, which is where I add these. Overall, a great app for tracking and seeing patterns of your migranes.
I would like to be able to record a migraine on a previous day. There is no way to so that.. I had the worst migraine in awhile and the last thing I wanted to do was look at my phone for 5 minutes inputting info that day. But when I went to do it the day after, I couldn't.  Fix this!!
This program is easy to use and allows for modifications to categories much simpler than any other programs I tried. I especially like the sleep timer.
I like the summaries so I can keep track of my headaches and sleep.
Love the app and easy to record. Really in depth so feel I can use to add to discussion with my GP. Great to see common themes and triggers. Only issue is it stopped auto detecting sleep after a few days. The settings are all set to yes so not sure why they stopped. Would be 5 stars if that was more consistent
I really like the app. It is very helpful and good for managing migraines and sleep habits. My one comppaint is that it is a very large app and all of it takes up space on phone storage. I have very little space on my phone so it really helps when part of the app data can be stored on an SD card.
It helps migraine sufferers to track common triggers and symptoms in a very-easy-to-use app
Amazing app...just can't seem to get the buddy part to work...
I love this  app. So much easier than tracking migraines on paper. I wish there was a brightness option as I find the screen very bright for when my migraines are bad (light sensitivity). I also wish  there was an option to grade migraine as the day goes on (starts mild in am, gets severe in afternoon, etc). This is  what Drs ask for.  Highly recommend this app.
Great app
Good so far
I don't often get migraines but I have headaches multiple times per week and this is a great way to track them. Far better than any headache tracker I've tried even if not all the fields apply. I can show this to my doctor now.
Easy to use
I do love this app however even though I have my settings to remind me to track my sleep, it no longer prompts me every morning. How do i get it to work again. Also is there a way of getting notification when my buddies message me?
This is a great app. I wish there was a better way to track med doses, pain, treatments, etc on a timeline then a graph to see what is working and what is not. Or even a position tracker for standing sitting laying front back sidlying. For those applying for disability this could be a great asset.
Just started using this app. Looks to be pretty complete and beats  recording manually. Well done
The application makes me think about how I feel which in turn gives me better understand.
Quite nice to have an app to record all my migraine
Great tracker
I've only been using this app for a couple of weeks,  great way to track my headaches and hopefully will figure out what's triggering them
Very helpful to track duration, triggers and remedies. I was able to pull and give stats to Dr when asked.
Like the app but..... sucks battery like crazy even with sleep monitor disabled.
Really good, tracks the many different issues of a migraine attack.
Loved it until the latest update made it impossible to open rendering it useless. I didn't have a way to back the information up either so I can't show my Dr the new entries.
This is a great app to help me track my migraines...  It's been so helpful.
So far seems easy to use and I like it got it to track my youngest child's  migraines but really wish it had an option for multiple profiles as I could  use it for me as well but I will just go find another app for myself
Great tool to find patterns and triggers
Good app so far. Haven't downloaded or try to retrive info for my doctor.
I have a migraine while typing this. (Sorry) I love this app. I've only had it 3? days and am still getting use to it plus have ?s, hence the 4 stars. I know I'd definitely tell people to get this app.   Could there be a time stamp for different symptoms? Different meds? Mostly I wonder if a food diary could be added with time stamps. I love simplicity so wouldn't like another app. A food diary would complete this imho.
It helps migraine sufferers to track common triggers and symptoms in a very-easy-to-use app
Easy to use. Lots of options to get all the information down you need to keep track of your migraines and triggers.  Also helpful to use at drs appointments to share migrai e information.
I have a TBI and have headaches a lot. This makes it easier to tell and  show my doctors
I love how it describes the different pain levels.  I would like if we could enter multple pain levels though.  My pain levels change during an attack, and it would be good to be able to reflect the different levels and length of time of those levels.  It would also be nice to indicate if you have taken multiple doses of medications, and at what point you took them. Other than that, it has been a very useful app.
Makes tracking migraines super easy
Good app
The old version was great to keep keep a record of my migraines and sleep patterns and very easy to understand and navigate. I am updating to the new version now and will update my review if need be. I will give the 5th star if it had a way to track daily medications within the app.
Nice app. Would have given 5 stars but I think the email reports need to show more information. Ie graphs and the other tabs info.
I love this  app. So much easier than tracking migraines on paper. I wish there was a brightness option as I find the screen very bright for when my migraines are bad (light sensitivity). I also wish  there was an option to grade migraine as the day goes on (starts mild in am, gets severe in afternoon, etc). This is  what Drs ask for.  Highly recommend this app.
It covers soo many aspects of a migraine. V thorough and detailed.
I am pretty happy with the basicness of this app and I like the fact that suggestions made are being taken into consideration for updated versions. Thank you for this easy way to track migraines and keep a list for my doctor.
I wish it had the option to remove  the "menstrual " category.
This app works well to track migraines and triggers. I also like the notes feature so I can add additional information like how many times I had to take medication.
I like it so far. But note to developers, there HAS to be an easier way to enter my age / birth date..? All kidding aside, scrolling through all the months and years all the way back to 1964 gave me a migraine.
I've used migraine apps for years now. This is my favorite so far.  Ive had doctors, disability lawyers & disability judges asking for migraine records. Ive had complicated chronic migrains for 10+ years. I love the flexability of this app. The only option i would like to see, is to track the changes in my pain levels and possibly even the times i decide to try a new relief. Ive been tracking this in the notes, which works, Thank You. A better file extract option would be nice, it seems a bit messy now.
This helps on so many levels with tracking migraines. However, I wish it wouldnt stay pulled up on my phone when I have a migraine. Also would be nice to enter in meals and meal times which can be a cause. Love that it looks at the weather.
android app btw than iOS
This app is easy to use and very helpful in identifying triggers.
Having a migraine today and just entering my details realised it's from the pressure of the weather change. Keep up with your improvements your helping us all. G
I love the options offered for monitoring and tracking my headaches, it allows me to provide so much more detail than I would have thought of on my own, to help me figure out my triggers, best remedies,  sleep patterns,  etc.
It makes it easy to track my migraines so I can show it to my dr.
Need write in section
Easy to use.   Very helpful.
The app is well laid out and easy to use. The only trouble I had was imputing dates using the rolling date selector as it did not have all the numbers or months on. Overall a good app but needs some more work.
Ideal for tracking basic occurrences and triggers
Excellent app ♡
Just add common food triggers of migrain in 1 tab..
I really like this app i just wish u didn't have to constantly be on it i wish u could set reminders for yourself
I have suffered for years. Other than knowing they stem from a brain disease, I've never understood my other triggers. This app is great for that. I've also have had a hard time explaining the severity to my doctor. Now I can show him. Highly recommend this app!
I wish I would have known about this app. Sooner. It is great at helping to monitor migraines in real time. There are a lot of things I did not consider when monitoring by paper and pen. This tool is a great way to pass on info to my neurologist.
Easy and helpful
Very useful as far as keeping track of migraine and the various factors and I wouldn't use any other method and best of all it doesn't coast a thing. Some of the other fetuses like finding others with migraine and the trigger predictor I don't find very useful.
Best app I've seen yet to record migraines.  I was keeping a paper diary that I got from my doctor but sometimes I'm out and I don't have my binder with me (who carries around a binder with them everywhere?) but I always have my phone. It's good for people who are on the go all the time
Would rate 5, but I would rather type in city info rather than turn on location in order to get local data.
I have tried to keep notes in the past, tried to work on triggers, times for things, and everything fell short somehow. I have everything here. With the Pixel XL I can no longer track sleep, other than that, superb.
I just opened your app for the first time and recorded a test migraine.  I'm impressed with the number of considerations included. I'm also a big fan of how simple it is to customize the answer list.
I love this app!! The only complaint would be: need more options for the sleep part. I wake up several times a night, but don't have a easy way to record that.
My doctor asked me to keep a migraine diary. This is making it so easy. I only wish there was a place to record the medicines I take on days I don't have migraines.
It covers soo many aspects of a migraine. V thorough and detailed.
Really easy to use. Definitely helpful to track patterns.
I would like to see that when you have a migraine multiple days ( I'm a chronic daily migrainer ) that each day you can rate your pain and possible even different times of the day say morning afternoon and evening. That be a H.U.G.E. improvement and I'll give 5 stars for that, I have different pain level throughout the day and on different days buy I don't want to log a new migraine each day when its the same one, it makes it look like I'm having more than I am when in reality its just its diff pain a #
This app is very helpful in tracking my migraines and seeing what  contributes to its duration and intensity.
Helpful
I'm able to keep track of the headache so that I can get properly diagnosed.
Very helpful. Awesome to see the statistics!
I'm wondering if there's a link b/w my migraine and periods and would like to track both with the same app. I'm currently using Migraine Buddy for migraines and another app for periods. It'll be easy if their calendars could be merged, or if migraine buddy could track my periods too.
Migraine Buddy Rocks. The pain scale with the faces and descriptions is very helpful.  It helps to record triggers, medicine,  pain location,  Menstruation, duration and recently added a weather feature.  It maps it all out for you and tracks triggers.  It is very easy to navigate through the app and it keeps everything together for you and is very easy to access.  It also has a sleep tracker! It'd be nice to record relief or new pain score. Pain better but not gone. Thanks
Like that it can start recording a migraine before the end.
Works great and asks the basic questions need to report back to my doctor.
Would rate 5, but I would rather type in city info rather than turn on location in order to get local data.
Really useful app for recording data and identifying any potential trends that trigger migraine . Can monitor frequency and impact of migraine on work/leisure. User friendly and my GP is impressed too!
It was,easy to install and I haven't had any problems  with app. I love the fact that I can figure out what is triggering my migraines.
So far so good
Maybe adding a setting where you can imput of you think you're having symptoms the second you feel them and it shows the time and the symptom. (You have one for the whole day)
It's a great app to keep track of my migraines although there's still some room for improvement. It would be great if the app could pull data from my Fitbit Charge, which already tracks my sleep and in a much more accurate way than using the app's sleep detection. Also not sure if it's a bug but the alert about the new features in the app keeps popping up whenever I go to a new section in the app. But great job, hoping for more in terms of integration with other health trackers!
Love this app. Makes it easier for me to track info about my migraines. Wish I had it years ago. But what is with the dorky and childlike icon. Please update it with something more sophisticated and modern. I'm almost embarrassed to have it in on my phone. Was this intended for kids?
This is a brilliant app for recording detailed information about my migraines. I would like to be able to update pain levels throughout the migraine to show how it progresses, rather than have just one pain level recorded. I'd also like to record how pain moves from the initial location. I'd also like to link it to an app that tracks my food and water so that I can see if that is a factor. Regardless of those additions this is still a very helpful app.
Very handy tool, great way to track everything, only have one minor issue with the time keeping section. It always advances an hour further than I put in. Example: I put in 13:00, it records 14:00 etc. So I have to remember to subtract an hour when I input the times of start and end for accuracy. This error corrects itself between 3/8/2014 and 3/9/2014.
I am finding this app quite useful for monitoring and recording my migraine.  The only reason it is not 5stars is that it assumes when I'm not on my phone I'm asleep which is a little irritating, minor thing otherwise I love the app.
I like how it tells me how long between migraines I have!
This app allowed me to understand my migraine triggers and frequencies. I highly  recommend it.
This app will help me show my nuerologist how long and frequent the migrains are.
I'm a chronic migraine sufferer and finding the time to record the numerous attacks is as burdensome as the migraines themselves. This app really makes it easy to record the attacks and does a good job summarizing them.
This is the third times I re-instaled this app but when I sign in, my records are still there. I was just afraid recording migraine cycle would mean claiming this headache in my life. But I realise recording it helps me manage and understand the cycle. Actually I really wish if this app provide chat room.
Early days for me, but I love the completeness of record and ability to add symptoms/treatments. Not sure yet how to use the reports - so will review those later when I have more data.
Good to track and monitor
Helpful in keeping track of sleep as well as migraine symptoms.
Like this better than headache diary pro. Easy to use and detailed.
So far so good
Very easy to use with perfect detail!
I'm using this to track for my son, but would be great if I could also track for my daughter who also gets migraines. Otherwise day one but looks very useful. Thanks
Would like to be able to input to amount of medicine taken. Would also like to delete what I don't need. Otherwise I like the app.
Tracks your sleep and migraine cycles along with other stuff to help you figure out why or what to avoid, specific to you. You can choose to be part of a study. Handy app, recommended by a friend and useful for taking to a GP if you are asked to track it.
This is working really well for me in tracking migraines and headaches.  All enhancements I'd like to see have already been sugested by others, with development in progress.
Great app. It's great how you can put so much information in about your migraine attack. Best app I have used so far.
I've only been using this app for a couple of weeks,  great way to track my headaches and hopefully will figure out what's triggering them
User friendly for sure. Asks time of onset, triggers, pain scale, reliefs, etc. I would love it even more if I could track my varying symptoms and when they changed...perhaps I can and I am just not aware of how. All I am seeing is that I am editing a previous entry. Being able to note if a migraine was constant, intermittent, or cluster would be great as well. But overall this is a wonderful resource to track migraines. I would definitely recommend it.
There's a few small additions I'd make but overall it's a fantastic way to track migraines and is way easier than anything I've come across before.
If you would save certain settings such as the menstrual cycle option to save that would be 5 stars for me.
I still haven't figured out my triggers, but I have information stored for my next appointment. That helps tremendously.
I would like the option to add some medical history that could be aggravating factors. examples: menopause, fibromyalgia etc
Great headache diary. Best I've found online. Wish it have the ability to zoom in and free hand draw on the head/face AND use symbols like a lightening bolt, stars, arrows to describe pain, direction, intensity. Sometimes the nerve pain is so bad that I can't describe it verbally ( or read it off a list)... But I could draw it for you.
This app will help me show my nuerologist how long and frequent the migrains are.
Finding an application to document these unpleasant events that did not cause further frustrations was difficult.   It had good reviews and after using to build my history from a note pad notes I find it really easy to use.
Love the app. Would be cool if it could link to my fitbit to track sleep  and exercise. Easy to use and super helpful
Very helpful tool
The idea is amazing and what they ask is grate. But it is sooo slow. Takes 10 minutes to log a migraine. All the loading. Loading and bright screens and migraines dont mix.
Help when I go see the doctor I can send it to her so she have my latest migraines
I appreciate the app, but am uninstalling because it uses so much data (more than Facebook!)
It helps me track my headaches and sleep patterns so that I can control my migraines. I really like this app
Fairly good app. I would like it if it had an hour by hour scale for pain and medications, rather than just one for the initial start if the migrane. You can add notes though, which is where I add these. Overall, a great app for tracking and seeing patterns of your migranes.
I have been getting headaches for years, but I haven't found a way to track them. This helps me to track them, monitor what works, and attempt to figure out my triggers.
I like this app very much. A headache is not cut and dry on it's triggers and symptoms.  This app gives one lots of options plus the ability to add your own input.  Would like to be able to print a log for the doctor though.   This has so much more info than their paper log they want me to keep and easier to track.
I needed something like this so bad. Was told about this app in one of the migraine support groups I'm in. I love being able to track time, triggers, and what worked vs what didn't work.
Love the app. Would be cool if it could link to my fitbit to track sleep  and exercise. Easy to use and super helpful
Being able to track gives me irons I didn't know i had.  Love this app.
This app has really helped me discover my triggers.
This is very helpful when I see my Neurologist!
The best app which automatically monitors your sleep and manually manages  Headache. Loved it so much. A huge Thanks to the developers
Good app but sumtimes the sleep diaries random says i was awake during night thou i wasnt so i have to manually adjust that but its nothing major.
I get lots and they're debilitating so this is a great  way to keep up with them.
I have suffered from migraines since I was a child. I have EDS which can  increase migraines. This app makes tracking that much easier!
wonderful
Like this app....love how it tracks the sleep...would be nice to be able to change the severity throughout the day
It's a bit slow but it does help me keep track of migraines and it's not ugly like all the other migraine apps. I wish there was a month by month comparison so that I can see the trend. I'd also love to be able to export to a CSV file. And last but not least I decided to contribute to the app but on the payment page realised that it's not over HTTPS! A huge security issue! Once you fix it I'll gladly contribute.
Very helpful, weather is not correct when finding my location.  Otherwise it's very good
It should let you track 2 a day,  sometimes they overlap till the next morning then msy disappear only to reappear hours later.
I've been suffering for years and when I see my doctor I struggle to produce all the information.  This ask all the questions and is so easy to use.  A discussion group or other remedies from other suffers may be useful.
Seems great. Loved the hang in there comment with migraine... such a lonely disease was nice when suffering! The little things...
Would be good to add 'woke up with a migraine to the start time.
Useful, and an easy to use app for keeping track. I have to use it for when I feel my chronic migraine as the most painful.. Otherwise I am usually feeling it to one degree or another all the time. I hope it may be more helpful for me over time.  I would maybe suggest a way to record your food, to see if it helps you track the type of food that triggers them more.
The app is very helpful. The only thing I want to do when I have a migraine is try to sleep. I can record it any time and add on later. Then i send it to my doctor easily. I love being told how long it's been since my last migraine.
I love migraine buddy over all other tracking apps, but it would be useful  to have the ability to add notes onto non-migraine days to track potential  triggers and other health related issues. Having to switch between migraine  buddy and other apps to see if there's connection between my blood pressure  and frequency of migraines, for example, is extremely difficult
It was,easy to install and I haven't had any problems  with app. I love the fact that I can figure out what is triggering my migraines.
I feel proud to be taking my own life into my own hands.
Very helpful in identifying problematic areas with my migraines. Easy to use. Could use more information on reports. Different types of reports. Easier note taking on a daily basis would be good. Reminders for those of us with memory loss.
Is there was a way to add changes throughout attacks (mine usually last days) i would give 5 stars. Like the ability to time stamp when meds were taken, when different symptoms start and stop, pain scale ect. That would make this app perfect.
So far so good
App works well and is helpful in recognizing multiple factors for migraine in order to make changes and minimize migraine impact.
I love it. I have a horrible memory and reminds me to update my info
Let's just say after using this app for a month my headaches' severity and frequency went down majorly. I'm starting to link them to tension in the neck.. something I never considered before I noticed a trend on this app. I like how the app is flexible. You can add your own symptoms, etc. Would be better if it; merged headache incidences with the sleep graph, worked as a weather app and showed if your headaches were linked on a graph), included a basic food diary as well, and  portrayed improvements.
Great, but can you add a section for daily preventative meds taken?
Through in its recording while also being easy to use
Very helpful.
I'm finding this app very helpful but there's one big problem, almost every time I go to record the time of a migraine it crashes. I often have to make several attempts before it works. Otherwise great.
Good ap for discovery tool.  It analysis all data and gives you different charts about your migraines.  For example,  average amount of sleep prior to migraine,  percentage of what time of a day migraines occur,  percentage of relief possibility of different treatments,  etc. Many nice functions.  Not perfect but much more complete than others.
So far a good app. It's pretty easy to use and this will make me more apt to actually record my migraines. I recommend this for others who have migraines.
Helps track migraines, triggers and the how long they last. With other  added options. It's a great app. But I would like a feature where I can  change the intensity of the migraine from day to day when it last more than  one day.
It's good for keeping track. Triggers are still not easy to figure out.
Love the app. Very easy to use.
I've used migraine apps for years now. This is my favorite so far.  Ive had doctors, disability lawyers & disability judges asking for migraine records. Ive had complicated chronic migrains for 10+ years. I love the flexability of this app. The only option i would like to see, is to track the changes in my pain levels and possibly even the times i decide to try a new relief. Ive been tracking this in the notes, which works, Thank You. A better file extract option would be nice, it seems a bit messy now.
Really good app only been using it for a day so far. May I suggest adding two things though. One is to the sleep chart. For times you woke up during the night. Another is times you had food and a note section for what you ate so you can see if eating at different times triggers migraines or eating certain food at certain times causes migraines. Other than that it is really handy and a great app. I was loathe to write down all the time I was in pain. Bad enough I was in pain let alone writing about it when I wasn't but this app is quick, user friendly and convenient. Thank you so much!
Good ap
As a preliminary review, I have only been using Migraine Buddy for about four days, but am very pleased with it. It is very through in tracking any and all signs and symptoms associated with migraines. I have been a migraine sufferer for 22 years and have never been able to identify my triggers and have not found any medication to alleviate my symptoms. Hopefully, with Migraine Buddy, I may finally be able to find some relief.
i have installed it almost 3 weeks ago, I was thinking to write in a notebook the triggers but luckily I found this great app, until now I recorded 3 headaches and I hope I get to know more of my triggers in the future, but there is this thing that says weekday and weekends and its shows the percentage. well I am from Bahrain and the weekend is friday and Saturday.. and I remember that I had a headache at the weekend.. so can I change the weekend and weekdays? I like the sleeping reminder to record & thanQ
Useful, and an easy to use app for keeping track. I have to use it for when I feel my chronic migraine as the most painful.. Otherwise I am usually feeling it to one degree or another all the time. I hope it may be more helpful for me over time.  I would maybe suggest a way to record your food, to see if it helps you track the type of food that triggers them more.
This app makes it much easier to record my migraines. Looking forward to compiling it all for my next appt.
Amazing app- the only thing that would be helpful would be if I could record how the level of pain varies during one migraine, I find I'm often making multiple reports for one migraine.
Intuitive. Easy. Good way to track for causes.
This app is helpful for tracking headaches and migraines. If anything it makes you more aware of your daily activities that might be triggering the migraines. I wish that we could add comments in the daily tracker (ie. # of alcoholic drinks rather than just selecting 'alcohol').
Needed something to start keeping my daily migraines. The only drawback is it doesn't ask if the pain decreases at any point. Other then that, can't wait to show my new docs at Mayo progress
App gathers & organizes variety of mental-physical data useful to neurologists & persons who suffer headaches, not only migraines. Waiting with regard to this review's Fifth Star until I check in with my neurologist.
Love how simple it is to use when I have a migraine and can't function properly!
I've had this app for a couple of days and I like being able to track my migraines since I'm required by my doctor to keep a "journal". My doctor approves
Great help.
I love the fact that I can send my Dr my headache logs. Easy to record, make amendments.
Not very user friendly when it comes to adding friends. But I like the reminder.
Will give it 5 when the crash issue is fixed. Every time I go to reliefs the app crashes. Other than that, I love it.
Great app but would appreciate multiple users for example to add kids
Just add common food triggers of migrain in 1 tab..
Useful and great for tracking.
I just started using the app recently. So far it seems it will be a very good thing for keeping track everything about my migraines
Very helpful
Good so far
This app helps me track the frequency and possible causes of my headaches. I don't just use it for migraines. I have a VP shunt and it causes me pain almost daily. But using this app has shown me that sometimes the humidity and atmospheric pressure can play a huge role in my pain. It has also helped me engage a community of others who go through similar pains. I really appreciate this app.
I really like this app for keeping track of my migraines.  The sleep part still doesn't work and you can't go back in and modify things after you confirm.  So if I get relief from something while ongoing I can't input it without deleting.  But overall a good app.
it's helpful and detailed  going to see if it helps me and my dr figure mine out. I couldn't figure out how to reply so extending this. They should have where record where it starts and where it remains or spreads too I answer the question of where it's at during. And maybe have two pain scales or an option to add other bc mine can go up and down great app tho told my dr and they are just as excited can an report be emailed if so how.
Great UX. Easy to use, guides you through the steps easily and doesn't overwhelm. The only thing I'd change is that I would be more careful about calling all headaches migraines.
I have suffered for years. Other than knowing they stem from a brain disease, I've never understood my other triggers. This app is great for that. I've also have had a hard time explaining the severity to my doctor. Now I can show him. Highly recommend this app!
I'm wondering if there's a link b/w my migraine and periods and would like to track both with the same app. I'm currently using Migraine Buddy for migraines and another app for periods. It'll be easy if their calendars could be merged, or if migraine buddy could track my periods too.
This is very helpful when I see my Neurologist!
Good app
easy to use
Love the convenience of this app.  Just wish I could record bad headaches not just migraines.
This is very helpful! My neurologist loved that it can track triggers, reliefs, medications, duration, etc. Makes tracking migraines so easy.
Helpful with sleep patterns & triggers
Helps you see what may cause or trigger your migraines, see patterns you  might not have realized and helps with talking to your doctor to see actual  data written down.
Great app for tracking head pains!
The soothing colors and the icons depicting various triggers and symptoms add just enough visual interest w/o insult that I think I might improve my headache-logging consistency. Looking forward to the addition of social features.
Love it! Lots of detail. It only misses 2 things: 1) Recent research suggests that migraines are at time connected to the female cycle. You might wanna add a way to link to existing female cycle trackers so this factor becomes available for most of us migraine sufferers. 2) There's some sort of sleep tracking but i already use fitbit for that, and can't find a way to link up.
Helps me keep track
I downloaded this today because my cluster headaches have been getting worse, and just in case I go to the doctor for them, I wanted an accurate record. I love the format, and the wide variety of options. Only suggestion I have is a timeline for taking meds, but the notes section works for that too.         **UPDATE** after going to the doctor, he says I have migraines...
This app is a great way to keep track of all my migraines and triggers. It has helped when I go to the Neurologist I have a record of how many migraines I have had.  This will also help when applying for disability
Good app. Could use milestones trackers, such as  pain zone migration, time track for meds, etc.
Great detailed and easy way to track my sleep and migraines!
very helpful app...helps me to keep track of migraines and to note possible  triggers
Would like an option to remove certain questions that never apply.  The pain scale needs more customization because most of us still function at Higgins pain levels.
Very good
I love this app. It's good to have all the info without struggling and wasting time to get it. Thank you
This is a great tracker that pretty much covers all the bases and is super easy to use.
It is working great but after the last update all my migraine info has disappeared. All the other info is still there (sleep records, personal info)
Great for keeping track of everything, makes it so easy to show doc whats going on
Very helpful. This app keeps me on track.
GREAT..
Super detailed and useful. Would love to see more options for each category in the migraine questionnaire, but no complaints. I always recommend this to people.
My migraines can last for days, this at least helps track when they end and how much time in between.
This is a brilliant handy little app that has so much to offer and add to or change, I just wish I could add in the dates for my menstrual cycle. otherwise I absolutely love this app and all it does for me.
Helped me to identify and therefore avoid triggers. Great app.
Great app, love being able to track times, pain areas, sleep times and medications. Any possibility, or maybe it's there and I haven't found it yet, of creating a way to track foods on days where I don't get a migraine? I am wondering if foods I eat trigger something the next day instead of same day.
It's so easy to fill in when I have a headache. Easy to email to my doctor. Helped me to learn more about my migraines and offers choices that I would never have thought of. Only down side is that it takes alot of battery but I can live with that considering all the benefits.
Like it but the reminders could use an update
A few more tweaks needed.but an overall good app.
Very helpful to track triggers I had not noticed before.
Easy to use
Really good tracker but it does drain your battery fast
Great app. This has helped me tracked symptoms of my concussion.
Downloaded this for my doctor, has definitely come in handy. Maybe add an option for pregnancy?
So far it's a good app.  It gives good information for a person suffering with a migraine. It also helps you keep track of what could be triggering it your migraine things that you may not think of on a daily basis.
I really enjoy the migraine tracker. It's one of the best headache and sleep trackers I have used. I do wish I could track food continuously instead of only when I am logging a migraine. Still a wonderful way to find and manage triggers.
Great app for tracking my migraines. Since I suffer from hemiplegic migraine I actually don't  get any pain but there isn't an option for this :/ it's good that I can explain  that on the notes part though
I really love how it tracks everything. The only thing I can't figure out is how to split up the days/hours. Some days I muscle through work some days I can't.
This app is helpful for tracking headaches and migraines. If anything it makes you more aware of your daily activities that might be triggering the migraines. I wish that we could add comments in the daily tracker (ie. # of alcoholic drinks rather than just selecting 'alcohol').
My only recommendation is I wish there was a place to record what I ate to identify possible food triggers
Really helpful and easy to use. Categories can be customised to match your own experiences. Would be nice if it enabled users to record different types of headaches as well.
This app has been wonderful in helping keep track of my headaches and sleep. Best way to track and even has a way to give you a report to show to your doctor, which is awesome!
Love this app! Super love the addition of the weather feature! Would be great if it would have current weather for all days (sometimes it says unavailable even with GPS turned on). Otherwise, such a great app! Love it!!!
Loved it until the latest update made it impossible to open rendering it useless. I didn't have a way to back the information up either so I can't show my Dr the new entries.
Great if you suffer from recurrent headaches/migraines. It really helps you see just how often they happen and helps you find root causes.
I have a TBI and have headaches a lot. This makes it easier to tell and  show my doctors
Such a great app for tracking my migraines, it's helped me find some triggers and helps me control them. Would be 5 stars if I could change the pain intensity during a migraine as its not a constant pain level
I've always wanted to somehow keep track of my migraines to see patterns. This app lets me do that!
Like the app but..... sucks battery like crazy even with sleep monitor disabled.
It is great. If you let me add when I took med and if I took the preventive med the night before that would help. But I do love it so far.
The app is great and really helpful I am around a year into suffering with  migraine and the app is helpful to track and monitor things and does help  you to spot possible agitators. I have been diagnosed with chronic migrane  which doesn't stop I have varying levels of pain . It would be handy if the  app allowed for recording this more accurately as some things don't update  as it shows as a single attack record. It's important to keep it recorded  as this as the single episode not multiple attacks. However the app is  really good and very helpful and easy to use.
I love this app I really do! I just wish it had a "getting better" option or "Was a level 10 but now a level 6" instead of just start and finish time.
Helped me find patterns
So far, it's pretty good.  A little too specific in some areas, but lookimg at the feedback and seeing responses from healint makes me feel better knowing someone is listening.
Good Tracker. Very useful at Doctors appointments.
Great for tracking symptoms. Thanks for adding the weather feature; it helps me prep for tge migraine.
I need to be able to print out the graphs and other data for my egotistical Neurologist. He refuses to just take my phone and look at the data. He wants it in a hard copy so that he can put it in my chart. Otherwise, I find this app very useful.
This is a pretty awesome app
Love that they added weather systems
Helpful in monitoring migraine also like to see how many others are experiencing headaches in area
Great app. It's nice you can come back later and add info when you have a migraine.
Very useful for tracking migraines and headaches. I have been getting tension headaches for quite some time now, but have not been able to put my finger on many aspects of how they are triggered, how long they normally last, or what I did to make them go away quickly. The only con would be the load time to open the app. Sometimes it just loads forever so I have to close it and then open it up again and hope it works the second go round. But when I does work, it's great. Works well for my sleep patterns too.
Love this app ! Very easy to use and very helpful when I see my neurologist.  There's a couple things that would be an awesome addition. Being able to track your pain level by each day instead of by the "overall" length of the migraine.  Also, being able to track what medications you used and which ones worked by each day instead of the overall length of the migraine.
The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because it harasses me every day about what hours I slept. I don't need a sleep tracker I need a migraine tracker. The iheadache app was better but I have an android phone now and can't use it. This one is the best android migraine app I've found.
Fairly good app. I would like it if it had an hour by hour scale for pain and medications, rather than just one for the initial start if the migrane. You can add notes though, which is where I add these. Overall, a great app for tracking and seeing patterns of your migranes.
A useful tracking tool. Looking forward to gleaning more helpful information to be able to manage my migraines better - inputting triggers and headache data daily but not a lot of actionable output as yet.
Great App!
I have tried to keep notes in the past, tried to work on triggers, times for things, and everything fell short somehow. I have everything here. With the Pixel XL I can no longer track sleep, other than that, superb.
Just started using it, and seems really good. Good list of options to choose from.  Can't wait to see the analysis.
I really like this app, I would like to be able to record how much medication was taken on each migraine day to be able to record pain intensity for each migraine day.  Other than that it is very helpful!  I can't wait to go to the doctor and show her my results so we can find a medication that will work better.  Thank you for this great health tool!
Great app. Very easy to use and thorough enough for doctors to see what's going on. I also have headache diary pro. However, I tend to use this app with its more friendly interface. Thank you.
I am a behavior analyst and even with all my training, it was hard to see patterns in my triggers. This app is helping do just that.
It helps me keep up with my migraines an triggers, sleep patterns.
This app is the only one you can use while you have the migraine.the colors and buttons are easy on the eyes when you are in the grip of the migraine. If you cant answer all the questions, you can skip though. There are a few recommendations, have times for meds, place for notes, but overall, I really love this app.developers are super great!!!!
I just began using this app. I haven't been able to keep up with a diary. So will try this. It tells me I have one incomplete record because I haven't input an end date for the migraine- the migraine hasn't ended yet. I guess it's just a reminder. Annoyed I my current state.
I like the feature where you can add other remedies/meds etc
This app surprised me with all the abilities it has: tracking, triggers, what helped, what didn't help, etc. It is also helpful that it is able to see your sleeping habits & the correlation between your sleep & when a migraine occurs. I even like that you can enter notes as well to help track any other correlations. The only negative thing lately is, the app keeps crashing on me and learning how to export reports is confusing; other than that, I would definitely recommend this app to others.
I really like the app. It is very helpful and good for managing migraines and sleep habits. My one comppaint is that it is a very large app and all of it takes up space on phone storage. I have very little space on my phone so it really helps when part of the app data can be stored on an SD card.
Handy for tracking migraines and triggers, great for narrowing down the probable cause or best remedies. Also love the sleep tracking, it is a huge help.
Very helpful in identifying problematic areas with my migraines. Easy to use. Could use more information on reports. Different types of reports. Easier note taking on a daily basis would be good. Reminders for those of us with memory loss.
Very helpful to track migraines and find cause for them
Just impressed with the usability and applicable features so far....I'm about an hour into use but love it right now...
Helping me keep track of what's going on with headaches. Had to enter meds that I'm on because they were not on the listing.
Easy to use, esp when in the throws of a migraine, very important. An impressive start,needs a little more tweaking and then will be a standout. Well done & thank you!
Something can be learned from the data people are providing, identifying an actual treatment that works based on what other similar users provide. Please, provide that information to people who's profiles match.
I really enjoy this app! I mainly use it to just track what and when so that when I go to a doctor I have all the basic information they usually would ask for. My migraine at the moment is all over the place so it's nice to have something where I can track what happened and where as I can start feeling one coming up. I also like the fact that the app takes into consideration other types of headaches  too, such as tension headache. Also the little encouragement when you're in pain, that's such a nice little detail! Doesn't make my head hurt less but does make me smile despite it!
A good record for migraines. It could be tweeted a bit but is very useful as it is. I have no problem recommending it.
Through in its recording while also being easy to use
great lil migraine diary
Would be even better if there was an option to record the type of pain, such as dull throbbing or sharp stabbing pains.
Love this app been needing to keep track for many many years but never thought of an app. Thank you love the sleep tracker it is a great tool
Very comprehensive and well-thought-out app. Super that developers take-on suggestions and act on them. Well done. Much appreciated.
Good tracking app to show to my Neurologist during my visits
Best app I've seen yet to record migraines.  I was keeping a paper diary that I got from my doctor but sometimes I'm out and I don't have my binder with me (who carries around a binder with them everywhere?) but I always have my phone. It's good for people who are on the go all the time
Great app. I just started tracking my frequent migraines and this is a really convenient way to see how often they occur and what's triggering them. I like that I can track my symptoms and what helped as well. I do wish it was easier to change the end time (sometimes I think my migraine is gone and then I move and realize it's still there) and that it wasn't such a drain on my battery.
I started using this app to help me track my migraines so I could report updates to my doctor and identify trends and triggers for my condition. The sleep diary,  thoroughness of tracking a migraine plus the report option are perfect! My doctor was impressed enough to plan on recommending it to other patients. It answered every question she asked on my follow up visits. I ♡ this app!
It's really easy to input the details about your migraine while you are suffering, which is great. The only major drawback fir me is that there isn't a section where I can type notes for myself.
Tracking and recording meds triggers a big plus
Good app very helpful
I'm having trouble with the app not opening. The wait circle will spin and spin, but doesn't open. Happens about 1 out of 3 times I open the app. If this is fixed it would be a great app for record keeping.
Very handy to have
Could use so adjustments but it makes it easier to keep track
I've tried a few migraine logs and this is the easiest to use and most comprehensive. I love that it prompts me to record my sleep each day, as that also makes me remeber to record my migraines, too. My only wish was that it had a way to email the reports to me so I could share them with my doctor more easily. For now, I just email screenshots to myself and print those out for her. Otherwise, though, great app!
I really like this app i just wish u didn't have to constantly be on it i wish u could set reminders for yourself
This app has helped me and my doctor monitor my migraines and adjust my treatment. Such a valuable app, and free to boot! The only thing missing is a section to track what time medications are taken, and whether a dose needed to be repeated. Currently, I use the notes section to write this info.
Great app! Wish you could track when meds were taken and pain variation over time. But there is a notes section.
This is so much easier for those of us with chronic debilitating migraines that need a way to keep track without exhausting too much energy. I do wish I didn't have to change the pain intensity in notes, since my migraines always have a range, otherwise it's a great app that has literally changed my life since downloading it.
This app has been amazingly helpful to keep track of all my headaches. Much easier than trying to remember everything at the doctors office.  *Though it would be great if there was the ability to put the time you took whatever medication you took.
Good tracking app
I have been having weird pains near my eye brows. Neurologist suggested that I track them so I got this app. It's quick and easy to use. Have had no problems with it.
This was great for tracking my headaches and pinpointing my triggers but it stopped working more than a week ago.
Just a neat app. Also hope that the data created can help in headache research.  What I am missing are some specifications for tension-like headaches, which are less in attack form and rather in daily mood.
Has helped me determine what triggers my headaches. Easy to use.
I have suffered from migraines since I was a child. I have EDS which can  increase migraines. This app makes tracking that much easier!
So far I am enjoying the features. Thank you
Needs some fine tuning but good start.
Very impressed with the sleep log built into the already great app to manage headaches.
Very convenient
The app is very good at keeping you organized and informed about what causes and relieves your headaches. I like the part where you track all of your symptoms because the graphics make it very clear as tok what you're doing, what I don't like though is the format and look of the rest of the app. I'm not sure what you could do to fix it, but the screen feels way too cluttered and hard to get used to right away.
I love the tracker. I used to feel like I got migraine headaches everyday, but in reality it's not.
Has helped me determine what triggers my headaches. Easy to use.
This helps me track my migraine and see any common causes or times
helps me narrow down and track my triggers and migraines
very good app helps me with my headache x
This looks great, but one thing I think is missing is a diary function. I can track my sleep with out but not food or stress. It's one thing to ask after a migraine starts what might have caused it but much better to be able to input data when you're not already having one. That way when I'm on the other side I can look for patterns or the app can as I report one.  Either way, I'm hopeful for it.
Could I please please get an access code..really looking forward to using this appt. Please help
Very useful. Easy to use. I wish there was a dark mode to make it easier to  make notes when light sensitive.
Very easy to use. I think it will be helpful when talking to my doctor and in trying to figure out triggers.
The reports are great. It's very helpful to see the patterns. My only critique would be better sleep tracking. I wish there a way to sync with my fitbit.
While I would appreciate more room to explain the rest of the day, since lifestyle affects triggers... it has been a very useful app to me. The sleep tracking has been very helpful to me, the details about the migraines that can be recorded. It's been very convenient in tracking this chronic problem. Migraines are awful; having some easy way to document them makes the stress much more bearable.
Only improvement should be able to record more than one episode per day as mine may go away after taking meds only to return later and pain level most of the time intensifies during an attack so it may start as a 3 and end up as a 10.
Complete tracker and log.  Best one I've ever used.  Can be a bit complicated at times when you're in pain but most of the time is great. No real complaints.  It's thorough.
I wish I could record what the weather is and whether or not I woke up with it. Also- every night it's recording two sleep cycles back to back. What's up with that? Overall, a great app to track my migraines and triggers.
It works for me but I wish there was a way to note the change in pain intensity.
My Dr loves that I have this so much that she is recommending it to other migraine suffering patients!
Simple and easy to use.
This app is the only one you can use while you have the migraine.the colors and buttons are easy on the eyes when you are in the grip of the migraine. If you cant answer all the questions, you can skip though. There are a few recommendations, have times for meds, place for notes, but overall, I really love this app.developers are super great!!!!
It is great. If you let me add when I took med and if I took the preventive med the night before that would help. But I do love it so far.
Great for when i have to tell my dr about what's going on, because sometimes it varies, and honestly the detail i used to give was kind of "it's a migraine but i'm not sure what else you want" and now i can be more specific if they ask
Great app, really helps me keep track of my attacks .
Great app. I just started tracking my frequent migraines and this is a really convenient way to see how often they occur and what's triggering them. I like that I can track my symptoms and what helped as well. I do wish it was easier to change the end time (sometimes I think my migraine is gone and then I move and realize it's still there) and that it wasn't such a drain on my battery.
I always have my phone on me,  not so much a journal or computer. Hopefully this will let me track headaches so I can be free of them. There is an option to add your own triggers and help. I'm hoping this works.
A better way of tracking migraines
Great for when i have to tell my dr about what's going on, because sometimes it varies, and honestly the detail i used to give was kind of "it's a migraine but i'm not sure what else you want" and now i can be more specific if they ask
I like it. The amount of quetions you get asked is a bit annoying at first,  but it all makes sence when you see the report.
Only thing missing would be the ability to put in the time you took a medication at a later time if you were unable to log it at the time you took it so that the timer would count from the time you took it instead of the start at the time you turn it on.
Would like to be able to keep track of different pain levels.. like if meds were somewhat effective and the pain lessens.
Really good, tracks the many different issues of a migraine attack.
very detailed tracking, takes a bit of time some times but my doctor recommended it
Asks all the right questions and allows owns options tobe added
It will be great for tracking everything about my migraines!
Love being able to track my migraines and view my progress should be tailored to the user just a bit more like every time I record a migraine it ask me if my menstrual cycle is coming up being a male I don't think I have one in the way or sometimes it will have issues tracking my sleep if I could I'd go 4.5 stars
This is a great tracker that pretty much covers all the bases and is super easy to use.
Have gone through all of the steps in Google's troubleshooter but it still will not install.
It works amazing but I'd love to see a new icon and a better design at the main screen. :)
Great tool to track causes of headaches
This is the best migraine tracking app I've come across. Easy to use when brain function and comprehension are less than optimal.
I'm finding this app very helpful but there's one big problem, almost every time I go to record the time of a migraine it crashes. I often have to make several attempts before it works. Otherwise great.
Very helpful to track migraines and find cause for them
A wonderful tool to help keep track of migraines. It really helps in proper communication with the Dr when working with new meds, patterns etc. It would be even better if they could incorporate a weather tool to help keep track of barometric patterns in relationship to migraine onset as well.
Very helpful, weather is not correct when finding my location.  Otherwise it's very good
Would like to be able to input to amount of medicine taken. Would also like to delete what I don't need. Otherwise I like the app.
Great way to record and track
Work great but could use some other stuff like if it gets worse overtime
Great app for monitoring your migraines and getting a handle of what's possibly causing them.  Good tool to share your notes with a doctor.
Easy to use, add, track. Will be very helpful when I see the specialist. Would like to be able to change intensity as migraine progresses.
Could use a better place to make comments and some medication isn't listed. Love the rest of the format. So happy it  can be this easy to track migraines
I have been suffering from daily migraines for over 2 months now and my neuro recommended an app on my phone to track it. Would love a way to print out all the info though!
The reports are great. It's very helpful to see the patterns. My only critique would be better sleep tracking. I wish there a way to sync with my fitbit.
It would be nice to have a bar chart with your sleep patterns, for those of us who are triggered by irregular sleep.
Covers almost everything, and you can add new options if you need to. It even has a bug-me-later option, if you just want to record the starting time.
Very helpful.  I just answer the questions and don't have to think too much.  Which is the last thing you want to do with a migraine!
This is a brilliant app to help record your migraines and keep an eye on how often you get them and what reliefs that work for you. Only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is I wish there were automatic timestamps on any entries in a record after the migraine began. I know there's a free notes section but it would make it easier with automatic timestamps when you have a migraine lasting longer than  a few hours :)
I like this app. Will be very helpful to when I see the doctor
Being able to track gives me irons I didn't know i had.  Love this app.
Not used it but a few days so far. Interesting what comes up and what it is  making me realize.
Neat approach
The app picture the lines around her face remind me of a migraine and I feel sick. Has put me off using and looking at if this could be changed it really help
Very good
Good app. Could use milestones trackers, such as  pain zone migration, time track for meds, etc.
It is a great tracker of my migraines
The only thing I wish I could keep track of easier on here is when I wake up in the middle of the night, whether for a short time or a long time. Besides that, this is an amazing app that helps me figure out the cause of most of my migraines, and keep track of any changes my doctor should be aware of.
This app is amazing it just needs improving on sleep recording and a few more pain medication options and reasons for the migraine such as heat and illness maybe colds and flues. Also if the person is on any contraceptives. Either than that great app. Thanks developers!
Not very user friendly when it comes to adding friends. But I like the reminder.
Intuitive. Easy. Good way to track for causes.
Really helpful and useful to record migraine info
Love it for taking to my doctor for follow up appointments and for following triggers, etc.
I love this app! It's super helpful! The one thing I wish it could keep track of is, when headaches change. My pain level and location of my headache changes all day long. I updated my headaches in the 'notes' section. But it's not caculated in 'my report'.
I think this is awesome. My neuro started me on a new treatment and I am able to track if it really is working or if I just think it is. My only problem is that my migraines change in intensity as they go along. I'll go up and down the pain scale a lot. But the diary says I had a migraine for 6 hours at a level 9. I could record each migraine level sperately, but then it looks like I had 8 migraines in 6 hours. I also wish there was a way to record when I took meds so that I know how long it took to work.
Love how it helps with tracking sleep, and makes you think about how you could try preventing some headaches.
Nice app with all elements required to track migraine. Pls add multiple sleep/awake time in one night for sleep diary. In cases like a break sleep, I can't make correct entries.
THE ACTIVE SLEEP DETECTION NOTIFICATION WONT GO AWAAAAY. I love this feature but make the notification go away please. I dont want to put it in manually but notes baaaaad. Otherwise great app 👍
I thought I only had 2 or 3 migraines a month,  but this program helped me realize I get a lot more.  It also pointed out some triggers I had not thought of. A few more detailed reports would be nice
This is the neatest app. I had been marking my calendar when I had a headache but this is so much easier and much more efficient.
I'm so thankful I was introduced to this app. It has helped so much.
Good and thorough way to record migraines - helps to understand frequency of migraines, triggers, and reliefs.
Helpful
Easy to use, would give it 5 stars but the weather portion does not work in my area.
Like it but the reminders could use an update
This was great for tracking my headaches and pinpointing my triggers but it stopped working more than a week ago.
Finally a log to keep track of my migraines....with all the info at my fingertips.
I've had this app for a couple of days and I like being able to track my migraines since I'm required by my doctor to keep a "journal". My doctor approves
I really like this app i just wish u didn't have to constantly be on it i wish u could set reminders for yourself
Great for keeping records for doctors
I need to be able to print out the graphs and other data for my egotistical Neurologist. He refuses to just take my phone and look at the data. He wants it in a hard copy so that he can put it in my chart. Otherwise, I find this app very useful.
Good app. Weather needs help though, it can never find any near me and makes it hard to help figure out if it's triggering anything.
Would have given 5 stars if it had a food diary along with this tracker. I think a food log is important to really figure out triggers.
I wish I could record what the weather is and whether or not I woke up with it. Also- every night it's recording two sleep cycles back to back. What's up with that? Overall, a great app to track my migraines and triggers.
Helpful in keeping track of attacks and possibly triggers.
Great for tracking patterns
great app and easy to use!
Love this app! Super love the addition of the weather feature! Would be great if it would have current weather for all days (sometimes it says unavailable even with GPS turned on). Otherwise, such a great app! Love it!!!
I love this app, it has been very useful and the treatment and assessment of my condition. so I wish they would attitude features such as on the medication not just setting a medication reminder but allowing it to activate track as meds are taken that it would send a more detailed report is a medication how long the migraine last did severity Etc
It's got lots if features, but it's really really slow (always synchronizing) even on a high-end phone. Also, weather tracking doesn't really work (it should use the last location), nor the long-term preventive medication tracking.
I'm wondering if there's a link b/w my migraine and periods and would like to track both with the same app. I'm currently using Migraine Buddy for migraines and another app for periods. It'll be easy if their calendars could be merged, or if migraine buddy could track my periods too.
I've been suffering for years and when I see my doctor I struggle to produce all the information.  This ask all the questions and is so easy to use.  A discussion group or other remedies from other suffers may be useful.
Only just downloaded this app, suffering  bad attack, and wanted something that I could effectively track it. Love the fact that the record stage is so in depth. So far it seems amazing
Really like app. Helps me keep accurate notes of pain/cycling.
Great app, brilliant for tracking! Unfortunately since I upgraded to Android P the automatic sleep detection doesn't work anymore
Yes, you must get a special user code to use this app. The process could not be easier to get one and its completely worth it! This has to be the first USEFUL app I have found to track my migraines. It is easily to use. Helps you find triggers, shows you patterns, and lets you repeatedly visit and change entries. I wish it had a place to free text with each entry so I could jot down personal notes at times, but overall this has been a major help!
Helpful in keeping track of sleep as well as migraine symptoms.
great lil migraine diary
My doctor told me to start tracking. This seems like an easy app to do so.
This app has helped me keep good records to share with my doctor. I would live to see my weather app linked. They have migraine predictions and I would like to see how closely their predictions sync with my migraines and vice versa.
I use this app to track way more than migraines ... sleep, supplements,  medications ... and I like being able to create a report of  headaches/triggers. my only suggestion, or hope, for a change is to be able  to print the sleep records as well. it's one of the things my doctor wants  to focus on
The app is designed well and works well. The only feature I would add would be the option to record just a minimal headache. I try to keep track of those so I can see if there is a correlation between "just" a headache and a migraine. Thank you for a nice product.
I like this app because I can write in notes. There is more options than other apps. I would love to be able to put in the times that I took my meds as sometimes I have to take them more than once. But all in all a good app.
useful app so far. wish there was an option to better customize options so recording episodes was easier and quicker.
Like all info it tracks. Helps to realise you're no making it up or to be worse than it is. Can keep track of triggers.
This is the best migraine app I have tried. The sections all correspond with all the questions my doc wants to know about. My only problem is remembering to use it when I have a migraine 😊
Easy to use
It works for me but I wish there was a way to note the change in pain intensity.
Love all the info that can be gathered from the app!
I have been using this app for years and I love it. They keep striving to  make it better and succeeding. If you have migraines, of any type, you need  this app. Although if they could make a 'dark ' setting that would be  amazing.
It was a bit confusing at first but after using it a couple of times, I'm getting the hang of it. I'm really able to understand how these migraines "attack"
Really helped pinpoint my triggers and days of the month it was the worst.
Good app, needs to be more personalised, like being able to monitor the ups and downs of the pain during a migraine. Otherwise fantastic.
Love this app. Makes it easier for me to track info about my migraines. Wish I had it years ago. But what is with the dorky and childlike icon. Please update it with something more sophisticated and modern. I'm almost embarrassed to have it in on my phone. Was this intended for kids?
Great way for me to track my headaches and to show my Dr. So he can better treat me.
wonderful
I've always had trouble remembering essential information about my migraines. This app will ensure that everything my doctor needs is right at my fingertips! I'd give it 5 stars if it were compatible with my Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4!
...Then it would be a definite 5/5. Having said that, I certainly recommend this app, it's a fantastic tracking utility to get a picture of what your brain is getting up to while you're not looking.
Many great aspects to help monitor what's happening but as others have said the sleep tracker keeps stopping.  If that worked consistently then I'd have given the full 5 stars.
My doctor asked me to keep a migraine diary. This is making it so easy. I only wish there was a place to record the medicines I take on days I don't have migraines.
I'm having trouble with the app not opening. The wait circle will spin and spin, but doesn't open. Happens about 1 out of 3 times I open the app. If this is fixed it would be a great app for record keeping.
This app is very helpful when it comes to talking to my doctor.
Maybe adding types of pain would help ie/pulsating, stabbing, etc
Thanks so much for this free app it is very helpful in keeping track of these terrible headaches, this information will be helpful for my doctor to better treat these chronic migraines.
This is a great app! I would like to see maybe a period tracker function on this as a way to maybe anticipate when our next headaches might happen (for those of us whom that applies to) and also there seems to be a bug with the sleep tracker. Sometimes it knows I'm sleeping, some times it doesn't. If we could say when we went to bed the night of and then input when we awoke, rather than thinking about the night before, that would also be a big improvement. Thanks for creating this app. It's been really helpful!
Love how it helps with tracking sleep, and makes you think about how you could try preventing some headaches.
I use this to track my sons' migraines,  about a third of which are abdominal with no head pain. If this was an added option in the pain location section that would be fantastic, & worth 5 stars! Also does anyone know if there is a way to keep track of the preventative meds that he takes nightly? Besides those two little bug bears, this is a great app
I really like this app.  It asks for a lot of input when your having a migraine much more than I would think about tracking myself.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is being a female with menstrual migrains it would be nice to be able to keep track of my cycle in the app. Other than that it's awesome!!!
Easy to use
I really like this app i just wish u didn't have to constantly be on it i wish u could set reminders for yourself
Tracks your sleep and migraine cycles along with other stuff to help you figure out why or what to avoid, specific to you. You can choose to be part of a study. Handy app, recommended by a friend and useful for taking to a GP if you are asked to track it.
Good
Helpful and Easy to manage
Wish it had the ability to input the weather for each individual day your having a migraine instead of the day the migraine starts. Ie I've been having migraine for 9 days and I my face pain level weather meds etc for 1st day.
This app has helped me keep good records to share with my doctor. I would live to see my weather app linked. They have migraine predictions and I would like to see how closely their predictions sync with my migraines and vice versa.
I love how it tracks my sleep and let's me know how long I have been migraine free.
I've just downloaded this and tested the input with a dummy record. It looks very useful and is intuitive to use, which is what you want when your head feels like it's about to explode. Developers, please can you enable storage of the app on to a SD card so my phone has free space? Thanks for your help!
I like that this app. is easy to use.
I do love this app however even though I have my settings to remind me to track my sleep, it no longer prompts me every morning. How do i get it to work again. Also is there a way of getting notification when my buddies message me?
Pleasantly surprised by the amount of detail you can put into the logs and  the user interface is relatively easy to use
My only recommendation is I wish there was a place to record what I ate to identify possible food triggers
This app is a great way to keep track of all my migraines and triggers. It has helped when I go to the Neurologist I have a record of how many migraines I have had.  This will also help when applying for disability
User friendly, even while in the middle of an attack you can answer prompts to record important data.
The sleep sensing isn't too acurate, but that's about the only thing I could see that was troublesome.
This app is amazing it just needs improving on sleep recording and a few more pain medication options and reasons for the migraine such as heat and illness maybe colds and flues. Also if the person is on any contraceptives. Either than that great app. Thanks developers!
Great app..very useful.
Great app.
I have this app on an ipod and an android device. One notes the lunar phase while the other checks the actual weather. There are a few other differences but overall it is a very useful app.  I would give 5 Stars if the same options were on both devices.
I love the tracker. I used to feel like I got migraine headaches everyday, but in reality it's not.
Early days for me, but I love the completeness of record and ability to add symptoms/treatments. Not sure yet how to use the reports - so will review those later when I have more data.
I love this  app. So much easier than tracking migraines on paper. I wish there was a brightness option as I find the screen very bright for when my migraines are bad (light sensitivity). I also wish  there was an option to grade migraine as the day goes on (starts mild in am, gets severe in afternoon, etc). This is  what Drs ask for.  Highly recommend this app.
I just started using this app, it seems like it willbe helpful.    I love the way it asks everyday to record your sleep because i would forget to otherwise, but i wish the sleep record thing was a little different.  its a little diffacult to record my broken sleep habits, i sometimes  sleep for a few hours wake up for a few then need to go back to sleep , also it might be helpful if one of the migraine questions was about the weather, im thinking some of my migraines might be weather related
I really like this app for keeping track of my migraines.  The sleep part still doesn't work and you can't go back in and modify things after you confirm.  So if I get relief from something while ongoing I can't input it without deleting.  But overall a good app.
Complete tracker and log.  Best one I've ever used.  Can be a bit complicated at times when you're in pain but most of the time is great. No real complaints.  It's thorough.
Hard to use if you have chronic daily migraines, without pain free days.  I've been just starting over daily and adding notes. I hope I can at least  track some triggers.
This helps on so many levels with tracking migraines. However, I wish it wouldnt stay pulled up on my phone when I have a migraine. Also would be nice to enter in meals and meal times which can be a cause. Love that it looks at the weather.
I like it. The amount of quetions you get asked is a bit annoying at first,  but it all makes sence when you see the report.
This app is the only one you can use while you have the migraine.the colors and buttons are easy on the eyes when you are in the grip of the migraine. If you cant answer all the questions, you can skip though. There are a few recommendations, have times for meds, place for notes, but overall, I really love this app.developers are super great!!!!
Great app easy to use. I found the paper diaries to difficult and I always forgot about them. Never forget my phone.                                            adding: dropping it down to 4 stars it won't load any more so I can't track migraines all it does is track my sleep. Frustrating
Easy to use
Would be even better if there was an option to record the type of pain, such as dull throbbing or sharp stabbing pains.
Its very helpful for my nerologist
I love this app! I have been using it for several months now. I have chronic migraines that can last from hours to weeks. The simplicity of this app is wonderful. The ability to customize it to suit your needs is a huge plus. Due to the sometimes lengthy nature of my migraines, I need an app that lets me record what meds I've taken and when. I need this to be accurate to avoid complications and rebound. Right now, this app does not have a simple way to do that. Add this, you've got 5 stars!!
Migraine Buddy Rocks. The pain scale with the faces and descriptions is very helpful.  It helps to record triggers, medicine,  pain location,  Menstruation, duration and recently added a weather feature.  It maps it all out for you and tracks triggers.  It is very easy to navigate through the app and it keeps everything together for you and is very easy to access.  It also has a sleep tracker! It'd be nice to record relief or new pain score. Pain better but not gone. Thanks
I am able to capture triggers easily which help me know things to avoid to prevent migraine attacks as much as possible
Best app for chronic migraine patients
Wish it had the ability to input the weather for each individual day your having a migraine instead of the day the migraine starts. Ie I've been having migraine for 9 days and I my face pain level weather meds etc for 1st day.
I suffer from chronic cluster migraines and this app has helped me keep track and manage them
Very helpful tracking migraine symptoms and attacks
seems very helpful so far - would love to see some extra options including being able to fine tune the location (e.g. I quite often get pain around my eyebrow but not necessarily my forehead or eye socket) and also to be able to track how the migraine changes or develops over time etc.. also instead of an end time an option for falling asleep etc. thank you for a good app so far!
I love how I can designate the difference in pain, I know migraines run at different levels so saying yes or no to a migraine isn't enough here I can rank the pain
Awesome app very useful for gaining control of migraines.
I need the opportunity to add other kinds of headaches.
The app is very good at keeping you organized and informed about what causes and relieves your headaches. I like the part where you track all of your symptoms because the graphics make it very clear as tok what you're doing, what I don't like though is the format and look of the rest of the app. I'm not sure what you could do to fix it, but the screen feels way too cluttered and hard to get used to right away.
I found the app initially difficult to use and navigate, but that may have just been a result of trying to work an app with a migraine. Slowly figuring it out. So far I like it. I like best that I can add symptom and medications that are not in the provided list, and being able to make notes about my attack.
I am able to capture triggers easily which help me know things to avoid to prevent migraine attacks as much as possible
I really like how easy it is to use APP. I would like to see an "add" option on the section of what does not work. I would also like an information section to explain the reports, because I am new at seeking help for my migraines.
Really helpful in keeping track of attacks and symptoms.
Great for tracking your headaches!  Could be more convenient to use though. Too many prompts.
I am using this for daughter!  The only issue with that is the sleep time is for me and not her.   But it helps me track how often she is getting them so we can talk to her dr.
Very thorough, yet easy to use. Looking forward to being able to see big picture patterns.
very good app helps me with my headache x
I'm updating my review because its one thing that can be an addition to us migraine owners. If if could tell when we take naps. For some reason it doesn't record sleep unless its night time and I have to manually put mine in bc I work at night and sleep in the day.
I love this app. Needs a place where you could input the time you take each medication. Other adaptations: 1. Like to see a forehead selection on the pain onset section. 2. Like to be able to delete the (Add New) selections that I entered myself to each category.
This app is great for keeping track of migraines, triggers and sleep tracking. Shame it's hard to see the app through migraine aura.
This app is great. Not only can you keep an accurate account of your migraines,  but you can also imput signs, symptoms, triggers, etc. Would certainly recommend this app. to others.
I have been getting headaches for years, but I haven't found a way to track them. This helps me to track them, monitor what works, and attempt to figure out my triggers.
Wish it had the ability to input the weather for each individual day your having a migraine instead of the day the migraine starts. Ie I've been having migraine for 9 days and I my face pain level weather meds etc for 1st day.
I just opened your app for the first time and recorded a test migraine.  I'm impressed with the number of considerations included. I'm also a big fan of how simple it is to customize the answer list.
This app would get 5 stars from me if it weighed my data and gave me suggestions outside of the obvious. My biggest problems come from scintillating scotomas for example, any relief reccomendation would be comforting in more ways than one.
Very helpful and easy to use
Great help.
They're seeking to do a lot with this app, so some of the functionality can be clunky. However, I find it incredibly supportive & thorough as a tool to help track migraine & neuralgia, as well as a great tool to use to communicate with care providers in a more efficient & reliable way than simply memory. Also find it very validating to see how other folks experience certain symptoms that I came to think of as "abnormal," & generally just the sense of not being one in this disorder.
Great design, easy-to-use.  Love how it tracks my sleep for me by last and first time I used my phone - AWESOME.    Ideas for other helpful things to include in functionality: 1) Some headaches last all day or are small pains on and off, which I need to track.  This is difficult to do with the time function - is there a way to make this optional so you can record all-day pain? 2) My doc wants me to record  exercise, weather, hydration and food, which I do in the notes, but could be other categories to fill out for a cleaner report.  3) Would be awesome to have an account that I could fill out on a computer or a tablet too, sometimes typing a lot on my phone is annoying.  But I am LOVING IT.  Definitely the best headache diary I've seen!
Love the app. Very easy to use.
While I've only just started using this app and wish I could record  headaches as well as migraines. Maybe we can like I said I've only  misstated using this app and I'm still learning its functions but do far it  has been a help in helping me record information for my doctor do together  we might be able to treat me with a better out come than a headache or  migraine everyday
Really good, but layout could be better, i was confused for the first week usin it
Good so far
It works
This is the first app I've ever used to track. So far I like its a lot. Easy to use and I like that you can come back and complete if need be.
I have been using this app for a number of years. My biggest issue is that they want payment to share my reports with me in a format that I can actually give to my doctor. The migraine tracking is good, sleep tracking is iffy (like most sleep trackers on phones) with trigger insights that have improved drastically. I think it would be great to link it all together with your fitness app so you can really see the whole picture would be a fantastic next step for them and worth "upgrading".
Seems thorough
Clean UI and great UX. It would be nice if you could -  1. Update for tracking specific food habits as possible triggers. 2. Record varying intensity of pain during the  span of a migraine.  3. The sharing of reports via email is not proper. Please also look into this.  Otherwise, it's a great app to track and record migraines. Good job!!
Good ap for discovery tool.  It analysis all data and gives you different charts about your migraines.  For example,  average amount of sleep prior to migraine,  percentage of what time of a day migraines occur,  percentage of relief possibility of different treatments,  etc. Many nice functions.  Not perfect but much more complete than others.
Easy to track all facets of my migraines.
Very helpful
Would be even better if there was an option to record the type of pain, such as dull throbbing or sharp stabbing pains.
I just started but so far I like it!
Helps me find some triggers
Helpful
Needs a few tweeks bug a brilliant app
It's too soon to know if this app will help me identify triggers but it's the only thing I've tried in several years of trying to get a handle on my migraines and headaches that I actually use consistently, and that in itself is a great result. Very easy to use and customize and I love the friendly daily reminder to record my day.
Very helpful and easy to use
This is a brilliant app for recording detailed information about my migraines. I would like to be able to update pain levels throughout the migraine to show how it progresses, rather than have just one pain level recorded. I'd also like to record how pain moves from the initial location. I'd also like to link it to an app that tracks my food and water so that I can see if that is a factor. Regardless of those additions this is still a very helpful app.
Many great aspects to help monitor what's happening but as others have said the sleep tracker keeps stopping.  If that worked consistently then I'd have given the full 5 stars.
I wish it had the option to remove  the "menstrual " category.
Easy to use, esp when in the throws of a migraine, very important. An impressive start,needs a little more tweaking and then will be a standout. Well done & thank you!
Great help.
Active notification during episode is one of the best features of this app, even tho it does chew up battery life.    Fairly extensive, with options to add fields not already included in triggers, symptoms, remedies and so on. Dev is working on logging pain increasing/decreasing within an episode & other requested features. Would like a way to link to food log apps e.g. My Fitness Pal to solve redundant data entry. It's slowly getting there.
Very helpful but more precise tracking of pain level changes during migraine would be very useful .
Easy to use, has helped me identify triggers.
Just a neat app. Also hope that the data created can help in headache research.  What I am missing are some specifications for tension-like headaches, which are less in attack form and rather in daily mood.
very helpful
When I am at work, I don't use my phone so it thinks I have been sleeping. I wish there was a button or something to say I am at work instead of it thinking I am sleeping besides that it is great.
Could be a good app, but doesn't work for multiple, concurrent attacks. This app requires a migraine to be completed before a new attack or aura can be entered.
I really like the app. It stopped automatically tracking my sleep for some reason though. I went into the setting and the auto tracker was still set to on. Will continue to use. I noticed that I sleep longer the night before I get my headaches.
Had it for a few months now and i like it alot
Helpful. Would prefer a button for tapping sleep start and end instead of auto detection
Helps track migraines, triggers and the how long they last. With other  added options. It's a great app. But I would like a feature where I can  change the intensity of the migraine from day to day when it last more than  one day.
Helps you see what may cause or trigger your migraines, see patterns you  might not have realized and helps with talking to your doctor to see actual  data written down.
Easy to use, easy to customize, clearly designed by people who understand migraines!
Like it but the reminders could use an update
My migraines can last for days, this at least helps track when they end and how much time in between.
Would love if there was an option that I could enter the pain if it is worse or better. For example, ar 10am pain could be 4 but at 1 pm pain could be 7. Maybe it does allow that and I just don't know. ( downloaded 3 days ago) but other than that I love it. Especially sleep detection !
Great tool to find patterns and triggers
Ideal for tracking basic occurrences and triggers
Very helpful
Helpful in monitoring migraine also like to see how many others are experiencing headaches in area
I really like this app, would give 5 stars if the weather was displayed in Fahrenheit and if it found your actual location. It finds me about 60 miles away from my location.
Easy to use and not irritating.  What you want with a migraine.
Wonderful App
Thanks so much for this free app it is very helpful in keeping track of these terrible headaches, this information will be helpful for my doctor to better treat these chronic migraines.
It's a good app for what it is, but it would be better if I could add symptoms between attacks. I have headaches, dizziness, random head pain that only lasts a few minutes or so, etc, between actual migraines. Symptoms that my doctor is always interested in--which is why I went looking for an app. There's nowhere to put all the non-'attack' stuff.
Just started but so far so good. Would recommend this to anyone who needs to keep a diary of there headaches.
Great app it would be great if you could add a way to get an alert for high humidity percentage or something and maybe have the choice to display the pressure in percentages as well
I just came across this today but as a migraine sufferer, I'll start tracking episodes to see if we can find the root cause of them.
Food... Or lack there of can be a huge trigger. I would love to see a food tracker added, not just having foods in the triggers.  Just started using this and I like it so far.
Detailed and easy to use.
Its a great app. Too much of data, so could be made more intuitive.I use mi fit to monitor my sleep. It would be great if sleep data is taken from such apps instead of manually filling sleep data
While I would appreciate more room to explain the rest of the day, since lifestyle affects triggers... it has been a very useful app to me. The sleep tracking has been very helpful to me, the details about the migraines that can be recorded. It's been very convenient in tracking this chronic problem. Migraines are awful; having some easy way to document them makes the stress much more bearable.
I really enjoy the app
Downloaded this for my doctor, has definitely come in handy. Maybe add an option for pregnancy?
Great app
I started using this app to try and find what was causing my migraines. I like that I can add additional information. Highly recommend this app. With all the amazing updates this app is even more valuable in helping mt track my migraines.  There is only one thing I'd like to be able to do, and that is update the pain level throughout an entry. My pain levels often fluctuate during an episode. Depending on medication and current environment.  Thanks for a wonderful app.
Great app but I would like to be able to transfer data to the SD card
I'm wondering if there's a link b/w my migraine and periods and would like to track both with the same app. I'm currently using Migraine Buddy for migraines and another app for periods. It'll be easy if their calendars could be merged, or if migraine buddy could track my periods too.
Helps keep track so it's helpful with doctors. Wish it cured them too...lol
It would be a great feature if you didn't have to end a migraine, but, have the ability to continue on the next day to record new things. I have not been migraine free for almost 3 years but the intensity and symptoms  change hr by hr, day by day. Definitely still love to app! The app having the ability to change the intensity throughout the day & it having the ability to record the different intensity levels would make it 5 star..
The app concept is great, and it does a great job of helping you identify migraine triggers and reliefs.  I highly recommend trying it out if you suffer from migraines.  My only complaint would be how slow it is when launching and saving.  That's minor in perspective of what it does.
As long as you log your sleep feelings etc. You can work with it.
I like it so far, it's a great way to collect info on your migraines so you know how to deal with them. It also gives you a report after you've had a bunch of migraines which is cool to see what they might have in common.
Good ap for discovery tool.  It analysis all data and gives you different charts about your migraines.  For example,  average amount of sleep prior to migraine,  percentage of what time of a day migraines occur,  percentage of relief possibility of different treatments,  etc. Many nice functions.  Not perfect but much more complete than others.
Great interface and migraine-friendly colours too, but I'd like to be able to export the data to Excel etc.
Has helped narrow down triggers and track symptoms.
Could use a better place to make comments and some medication isn't listed. Love the rest of the format. So happy it  can be this easy to track migraines
Easy to use to keep track of my migraines. My last appointment with my neurologists she told me to track my migraine, possible triggers etc etc. This takes up no space and has things that I would never have though to include in my tracking them. Thanks for the app.
Really like this app. I wish the paid portion wasn't too much for me. On the bright side, there are no ads!
My Dr was very happy to hear I was using. It's quite easy to use and gives valuable suggestions. The only thing stopping 5 stars is that it doesn't always identify sleep and sometimes it's hard to change/edit sleep. Overall it's such a useful tool that I think every migraneur should use It!                            *I have several types of headaches in addition to chronic migraines for 15+ yrs. I am on several meds + BOTOX injections.
I've had this app for a couple of days and I like being able to track my migraines since I'm required by my doctor to keep a "journal". My doctor approves
This is a good tool to use to track your migraines. Helps you to determine ypur patterns of triggers and wjat works to relieve the pain. It is quick and easy to use.
It's good for keeping track. Triggers are still not easy to figure out.
Very complete app for tracking migraines. Helpful for use with my neurologist.
Love it for taking to my doctor for follow up appointments and for following triggers, etc.
Nice app. Would have given 5 stars but I think the email reports need to show more information. Ie graphs and the other tabs info.
Clean UI and great UX. It would be nice if you could -  1. Update for tracking specific food habits as possible triggers. 2. Record varying intensity of pain during the  span of a migraine.  3. The sharing of reports via email is not proper. Please also look into this.  Otherwise, it's a great app to track and record migraines. Good job!!
I like the reports generated  & symptoms & triggers etc
I live the user interface. Simple and customizable.
So useful to track your migraines.
Great app. Makes tracking so convenient. Would be 4 star if it somehow was able to tracker weather as well as sleep
Helps show triggers to be understand and treat migraines. Amazing app!
It is great. If you let me add when I took med and if I took the preventive med the night before that would help. But I do love it so far.
I need the opportunity to add other kinds of headaches.
Still really love this app but with my new phone it no longer automatically registers my sleep.
Great tool, I just forget to use it for every migraine
I really like the app. It stopped automatically tracking my sleep for some reason though. I went into the setting and the auto tracker was still set to on. Will continue to use. I noticed that I sleep longer the night before I get my headaches.
I really enjoy the app
Better than others that I've tried, no complaints just compliments
My neurologist was very impressed with my reports, especially the condensed summary!
Really helpful and useful to record migraine info
Easy to use and add items as I need.
This app is so easy to record every symptom, complaint, etc. Especially while dealing with daily migraines.  I would recommend this app to everyone suffering with headaches.
Would have given 5 stars if it had a food diary along with this tracker. I think a food log is important to really figure out triggers.
Good app
This is helping me track info for my neurologist. Very easy to use.
Just started using this app and it's the best one I've ever used to track  migraines
It would be nice if you could not only record where the pain started but also where/if it traveled to another or additional areas. Great app though! Highly recommend it
This helps on so many levels with tracking migraines. However, I wish it wouldnt stay pulled up on my phone when I have a migraine. Also would be nice to enter in meals and meal times which can be a cause. Love that it looks at the weather.
Helping me keep track of what's going on with headaches. Had to enter meds that I'm on because they were not on the listing.
Keeps track of headaches. Help your Dr and your self
I love this app. The only reason I cannot give it five stars is that there is no way to vary the intensity of a migraine during the life of the migraine. I have to stop and start migraines constantly because mine vary in intensity throughout the life of one. However I have chronic migraines that can last days or weeks. This app is AMAZING. Anyone with migraines should download it immediately.
Great way to analyze the migraine rather than just putting up with it.
I love how I can designate the difference in pain, I know migraines run at different levels so saying yes or no to a migraine isn't enough here I can rank the pain
Love being able to track my migraines and what helps and doesnt
Would be good to be able to change the severity throughout the migraine and delete things to
Helpful
Could use a trackable pain scale instead of just one steady number. I dont know about anyone else but i have varying pain levels
I like how this app tracks everything.  It is a great help for doctor's visits and knowing my triggers.
You're doing a great jobvwith his app so far but can i make a suggestion?, Replace the white colour within the app as even with my device turned to its lowest light settings the white is painful to tolerate while i have a migraine and when i don't even with my shade 5 glasses i can not tolerate the white, it would be very much appreciated x
I just started using the app recently. So far it seems it will be a very good thing for keeping track everything about my migraines
Thanks for giving me a way to easily track my migraines! It might be helpful if we could also track food or link it with a food tracking app since food can be a trigger.
very helpful app...helps me to keep track of migraines and to note possible  triggers
Good app for tracking
I get chronic migraines and tension headaches with chronic pain and stress.  This app has been a big help in keeping track of how often I'm getting them so I can update my doctor.  Before I was tracking them on paper and I'd always forget to write everything down.  This is easy, manageable and very helpful.  Well done
It is good
I use this often...my only suggestion is to have 0 pain scale for silent migraines, or describe a 1 as "headache,  not too painful, not sure it's a migraine"...
I'm able to go into my doctor and say see this is how many migraines I am having and when and maybe that will help them help me. So thank you. I also like the sleep tracker, not sure how the auto detection works but I like the feature.
App gathers & organizes variety of mental-physical data useful to neurologists & persons who suffer headaches, not only migraines. Waiting with regard to this review's Fifth Star until I check in with my neurologist.
Simple to use
As a person who likes to make lists and keep track of things,  this is a freat app to help figure out what may cause a migraine and even to know what relief methods help the best.  I missed one kirgaine track because the app qould load the "record a migraine" page, but it was my only issue so far
So far so good. Detailed and is kind about reminders.
The application makes me think about how I feel which in turn gives me better understand.
Just add common food triggers of migrain in 1 tab..
This app definitely helps me keep up with my migraine symptoms. I would like to see a few more symptoms and relief icons. It's also nice to get a quick message that says get well.
Makes tracking migraines super easy
App gathers & organizes variety of mental-physical data useful to neurologists & persons who suffer headaches, not only migraines. Waiting with regard to this review's Fifth Star until I check in with my neurologist.
Good app
The best app I've found so far. I have chronic daily migraine,  never goes away only changes intensity. It would be nice to be able to track the intensity levels, but can't change it w/o changing the whole day. Also would be nice to track diet and weather information all in one place, more of a complete daily journal maybe broken down to morning noon and night... Otherwise like, the sleep tracker and the fact that you can customize triggers, meds etc...very user-friendly!
Great for keeping track of everything, makes it so easy to show doc whats going on
Migraine buddy app is very usefull I track and use all the tools to show my GP and specialist.
Keeping track has never been easier. I've had migraines for 10 years now and for the first time I'm seeing somewhat consistent patterns with causes and with what helps.
Really helpful in keeping track of attacks and symptoms.
Nice app. The sleep tracker is great. Would add aura position (if that's even a thing)
Good to track and monitor
Easy app
I like it so far, it's a great way to collect info on your migraines so you know how to deal with them. It also gives you a report after you've had a bunch of migraines which is cool to see what they might have in common.
Amazing app- the only thing that would be helpful would be if I could record how the level of pain varies during one migraine, I find I'm often making multiple reports for one migraine.
I like this app!
I like this app. Will be very helpful to when I see the doctor
Great migraine and sleep tracker!
I have started using this recently and i might just work out a few things about my migraines.  Impressed how easy it is to use. It might be slightly more effective if there were an optional food diary attached.
I love how it helps figure out my triggers and causes for migraines...plus how frequently I get them. I wish it accounted for the fluctuations in pain and symptoms during a single migraine event. Right now you can only choose one pain level, even if the headache has lasted for days.
I was completely surprised by the features and tracking capabilities this app offers. Tracks triggers, duration, pain level, symptoms and a lot more.
I have suffered through Migraines since college,  I have tried to explain them to my neurologist but was not able.  This app makes it easy to record,  keep track of and note patterns.  Thanks!
I'm trying to figure out my triggers with this app. It would be nice if the app integrated with my fitness pal to see the food or a weather app to see when the weather becomes a trigger.
Helpful in tracking triggers and relief.
Still trying it out but very impressed with the information gathering and the analysis.
I love this app. The only reason I cannot give it five stars is that there is no way to vary the intensity of a migraine during the life of the migraine. I have to stop and start migraines constantly because mine vary in intensity throughout the life of one. However I have chronic migraines that can last days or weeks. This app is AMAZING. Anyone with migraines should download it immediately.
Great, but can you add a section for daily preventative meds taken?
easy to use
only been using it for a couple weeks, so far it's been very helpful. i appreciate the ability to customize information. have been pleasantly surprised.
The only reason it doesn't get 5☆'s is because I want it to track things like the weather and tell me if it's related. Right now I can select the weather might b an issue but idk if it is or not and I guess I want it to say "hey 3/4 of your migraines are while it's 73% humidity." Something more along those lines when it comes to weather. Other than that this app has helped cut down my migraines to almost once a month instead of twice a week.
Excellent, very comprehensive app. Very helpful for long-term migraine sufferers like me!
This app is a great way to track migraine occurrences so that you can find triggers and connections. Great app and user friendly! Thanks!!
It is working great but after the last update all my migraine info has disappeared. All the other info is still there (sleep records, personal info)
Best headache app I have found so far. A little confusing at first, but good once you get the hang of it. The interface could be a little prettier. Also, for tracking migraines, it's important to track your aura, be it classic or sensory. They should add something to track when the aura starts, what the aura is, how long does it last, and how long before the migraine started. These are all questions good headache neurologists ask.
This app is better than others I tried. Support is fast and helpful. This tool provides many good features. No bothering ads. Works well on my Samsung S4. You can opt in to have your data being used for research. I like both: contribution to research and the option I'm given. This said, I gave only four stars, because I don't like the many accesses to my privacy.
This has been a useful tool to track and record symptoms, sleep patterns, and triggers.
I love being able to keep track of my migraines so easily.
GREAT..
This app is very helpful when it comes to talking to my doctor.
So far this is helping me track my chronic migraines and recognize the triggers. It gets my sleep hours wrong every day and when I check no, it still accepts...but otherwise this app is awesome! I just go back in and delete the sleep time, then add the correct time. I was tracking my migraines with my calendar, but I forgot half the time. This app is so easy!
Easy to use. Very helpful.
It's a great app to keep track of my migraines although there's still some room for improvement. It would be great if the app could pull data from my Fitbit Charge, which already tracks my sleep and in a much more accurate way than using the app's sleep detection. Also not sure if it's a bug but the alert about the new features in the app keeps popping up whenever I go to a new section in the app. But great job, hoping for more in terms of integration with other health trackers!
Hello! I like the ease of use and speedy logging! My neurologist would like me to log when I take my medication throughout the day. Is there any way to add that functionality to the app instead of just one medication listing?
This app is easy even with a headache. Especially with added weather input. I've been looking for this for a while.
Need write in section
Best way to keep track of your migraines,  like this app!!
I'm still learning to use this app, but I think its great so far. I wanted to start keeping track of my migraines, and this app is perfect.
Great way to really identify your triggers and useful strategies to promote effective management.
Needs some fine tuning but good start.
Grateful for it
Nice app with all elements required to track migraine. Pls add multiple sleep/awake time in one night for sleep diary. In cases like a break sleep, I can't make correct entries.
Migraine tracker, which when used correctly helps you track migraine triggers and reliefs over time. Very handy.
I have suffered from migraines since I was a child. I have EDS which can  increase migraines. This app makes tracking that much easier!
Lots of information, well "filed" and the best of the apps for this that I have found.
Food... Or lack there of can be a huge trigger. I would love to see a food tracker added, not just having foods in the triggers.  Just started using this and I like it so far.
Definitely helps keep track of migraines for me and my doctor
The app picture the lines around her face remind me of a migraine and I feel sick. Has put me off using and looking at if this could be changed it really help
When i use it, it's great
Would have given 5 stars if it had a food diary along with this tracker. I think a food log is important to really figure out triggers.
This app is helpful for tracking headaches and migraines. If anything it makes you more aware of your daily activities that might be triggering the migraines. I wish that we could add comments in the daily tracker (ie. # of alcoholic drinks rather than just selecting 'alcohol').
Helps show triggers to be understand and treat migraines. Amazing app!
Terrific way to track chronic migraines. The sleep diary is a huge plus.  Amazing to see the reality of how little sleep I actually get. Even if you don't have migraines, the sleep function is valuable. Would like to be able to skip certain categories that don't impact me at all, but this is a minor inconvenience.
The program asked a couple of questions I hadn't thought about.  I've  been a sufferer since I was 14 years old...I am now 50 with no idea of my trigger despite brain scan and several doctors asking me about it.  Installed this after an all-day episode a few days ago.  Hoping it can shed some light.  Only downside is the date/time selection tool.  If subsequent versions can incorporate keypad entries for recording the date and time, a 5 star rating will be warranted
Thanks
This has been great in helping me track headaches & gather info to report back to my doctor.
Mostly great.  It would be great if you could show changes to intensity during one entry. Also it was my neurologist that asked me to use this program...he actually loaded it ;)
I do love this app however even though I have my settings to remind me to track my sleep, it no longer prompts me every morning. How do i get it to work again. Also is there a way of getting notification when my buddies message me?
Would like an option to remove certain questions that never apply.  The pain scale needs more customization because most of us still function at Higgins pain levels.
Now i yave a good buddy to tell me.. 💖
Got a prompt reply with the access code! Can't wait to start logging down my migraines. Am having one now :'(
Wow! Such an easy way to communicate and remember all your symptoms and scenarios. Can't wait to share with my pain doctor.
Love this app. Has been so helpful to track my migraines.  Although the latest version is no longer reminding me to record daily triggers and is also not recording my sleep. This is despite both options being on in the settings.  That aside brilliant app!
Still getting familiar with the app but so far it gets the job done, i like that i do not have to answer all the questions immediately while suffering and come back to it later
this app is great. it helps me track my migraines which helps my doctor and I find the best treatment options.
Very helpful, weather is not correct when finding my location.  Otherwise it's very good
This app is amazing it just needs improving on sleep recording and a few more pain medication options and reasons for the migraine such as heat and illness maybe colds and flues. Also if the person is on any contraceptives. Either than that great app. Thanks developers!
Helps show triggers to be understand and treat migraines. Amazing app!
👍👍👍nice
Would like to see a category for after a migraine, like how did I feel after the migraine because sometimes I feel completely rejuvinated after one and sometimes I feel completely drained of energy.
I wish I could record what the weather is and whether or not I woke up with it. Also- every night it's recording two sleep cycles back to back. What's up with that? Overall, a great app to track my migraines and triggers.
Having a migraine today and just entering my details realised it's from the pressure of the weather change. Keep up with your improvements your helping us all. G
Very helpful to track duration, triggers and remedies. I was able to pull and give stats to Dr when asked.
Pretty good overall. I don't really understand how the triggers section ia supposed to work. I enter things I am exposed to, and I thought the app would compare that to when I have attacks to help me determine likely causes. However, it seems to just rate things as triggers b/c they are on there a lot, regardless of whether my headaches correlate. Also, the "Sun/Dehydration" one is confusing. Is this an and or an or statement? And dehydration is already an option. Recommend splitting these up.
It's a shame this doesn't seem to integrate with a a separate food tracking app like myfitnesspal. I already track all my food there and it's a big pain to record it twice. I'm sure I have food triggers and would love to figure them out. Also, a place to track blood pressure other than notes?
So far so good
It would be nice if the app would track meals as well as allowing for parents to track their own migraines with their children's migraines.
I've used migraine apps for years now. This is my favorite so far.  Ive had doctors, disability lawyers & disability judges asking for migraine records. Ive had complicated chronic migrains for 10+ years. I love the flexability of this app. The only option i would like to see, is to track the changes in my pain levels and possibly even the times i decide to try a new relief. Ive been tracking this in the notes, which works, Thank You. A better file extract option would be nice, it seems a bit messy now.
Good app as I'm rubbish at keeping a diary, it's a shame you have to reach 100 buddies, there are only 14 where I live :/
Most detailed tracker I've seen.
I love this  app. So much easier than tracking migraines on paper. I wish there was a brightness option as I find the screen very bright for when my migraines are bad (light sensitivity). I also wish  there was an option to grade migraine as the day goes on (starts mild in am, gets severe in afternoon, etc). This is  what Drs ask for.  Highly recommend this app.
Looks good so far
It's a huge help in noting trends. *Heard from developer, which was a nice surprise! The sleep tracker is what it is, no bug or tech problem. Not sure why it said I did 4 stars, I chose all 5! This app has been a lifesaver for me. Sleep tracker has changed, but it's all good. If you suffer from migraine or have recently been diagnosed with migraine, this is a MUST in helping you.
Helps me keep up with triggers and pain levels and helps my neurologists see how I am doing.         My only issue was the space to enter in triggers, meds, etc. 20 characters is sometimes not enough. Also, could be helpful to add if an ER or urgent care visit was required  so the doc can see that when I export it.
This is working really well for me in tracking migraines and headaches.  All enhancements I'd like to see have already been sugested by others, with development in progress.
I really like this app. It is right on the mark. I just wish it would record the regular headaches. I end up recording them with a lower intensity. But that is ok. It has helped me a lot
This app will help me show my nuerologist how long and frequent the migrains are.
Nice app. Would have given 5 stars but I think the email reports need to show more information. Ie graphs and the other tabs info.
Great app
Use this frequently as I suffer from migraines 15-20x a month
It will be great for tracking everything about my migraines!
Love this app ! Very easy to use and very helpful when I see my neurologist.  There's a couple things that would be an awesome addition. Being able to track your pain level by each day instead of by the "overall" length of the migraine.  Also, being able to track what medications you used and which ones worked by each day instead of the overall length of the migraine.
I suffer from chronic cluster migraines and this app has helped me keep track and manage them
Tried several headache/migraine diaries; this is the best by far. -1 star for too many invasive permissions, can't customize graphs, & only exports report in HTML. The most customizable (you can add migraine meds & coping methods if not in app). Much better than tracking via calendar. Sleep diary is great: had no idea how often I wake! Uses motion sensor to track sleep (long periods w/no motion may be logged as sleep), but always asks to confirm. 7-15-2016 Since update, often doesn't record sleep.
I still haven't figured out my triggers, but I have information stored for my next appointment. That helps tremendously.
Wish it had the ability to input the weather for each individual day your having a migraine instead of the day the migraine starts. Ie I've been having migraine for 9 days and I my face pain level weather meds etc for 1st day.
this app is great. it helps me track my migraines which helps my doctor and I find the best treatment options.
I've always had trouble remembering essential information about my migraines. This app will ensure that everything my doctor needs is right at my fingertips! I'd give it 5 stars if it were compatible with my Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4!
This is a great and in-depth app, I only have one complaint it does not let you put in side events on the calendar for anything other then migranies, sleep and doctors appointment. I only bring this up because I am on adhd medication and trying to track if missing a dose cuases the migraine so I would like to add miss dose events and cannot. Instead I log sleep whenever I miss it as a work around.
Just started using it so not sure if it will help.  I'm hoping this will at least assist in explaining my migraines to my physician.
So far this is helping me track my chronic migraines and recognize the triggers. It gets my sleep hours wrong every day and when I check no, it still accepts...but otherwise this app is awesome! I just go back in and delete the sleep time, then add the correct time. I was tracking my migraines with my calendar, but I forgot half the time. This app is so easy!
Like it
This will help
Hard to use if you have chronic daily migraines, without pain free days.  I've been just starting over daily and adding notes. I hope I can at least  track some triggers.
I was completely surprised by the features and tracking capabilities this app offers. Tracks triggers, duration, pain level, symptoms and a lot more.
This is a nice looking app, but if you get lots of migraines like me, there are way too many questions to answer.  You will grow tired of this survey quickly.  I'd much rather just post the day and severity of the migraines, and nothing else, and have it displayed in a calendar that can be printed out.
Good Tracker. Very useful at Doctors appointments.
Very useful. Easy to use. I wish there was a dark mode to make it easier to  make notes when light sensitive.
Easy to use and not irritating.  What you want with a migraine.
This app has been wonderful in helping keep track of my headaches and sleep. Best way to track and even has a way to give you a report to show to your doctor, which is awesome!
Good app to keep a track of your migraine!
Helped me to identify and therefore avoid triggers. Great app.
Love how it helps with tracking sleep, and makes you think about how you could try preventing some headaches.
I still haven't figured out my triggers, but I have information stored for my next appointment. That helps tremendously.
I really like how you can email and print a chart for your records and/or for your Dr. (Whom likes that I am using this app too). UPDATE 5/23/16: I have been wondering how weather & pressure affect my migraines  so now since i have updated I can. Looking forward to sharing what I learn with my Dr.
Not perfect, but better than most and still working to improve which gives me hope.  It's fairly customizable, they just need to fine tune some of the options they already have.
Love being able to track my migraines and what helps and doesnt
I have chronic migraines and Migraine Buddy makes it easier to keep all my info in one place which is also easy to pull up my chart  to share with my neurologist.
helpful app!
I am really impressed with this app. It's very helpful, but how does it know when I've gone to bed? Like the exact time? It's great, but I would really like to know how.
Very helpful
The app is very helpful. The only thing I want to do when I have a migraine is try to sleep. I can record it any time and add on later. Then i send it to my doctor easily. I love being told how long it's been since my last migraine.
This is great, I just wish I could find a migraine tracker that included a food log, in case food I eat is a trigger, I have them written down and I can start seeing if I ate a certain food the same day I got a headache. Otherwise, awesome app. I love the charts and step by step process.
I have suffered from migraines since I was a child. I have EDS which can  increase migraines. This app makes tracking that much easier!
Brilliant app really useful for me and my doctor
best app out there. need better community to discuss topics.
The only thing I wish I could keep track of easier on here is when I wake up in the middle of the night, whether for a short time or a long time. Besides that, this is an amazing app that helps me figure out the cause of most of my migraines, and keep track of any changes my doctor should be aware of.
Good so far
I like this app very much. A headache is not cut and dry on it's triggers and symptoms.  This app gives one lots of options plus the ability to add your own input.  Would like to be able to print a log for the doctor though.   This has so much more info than their paper log they want me to keep and easier to track.
Great app.  Suggestions: Input time of pain meds taken.  Multiple times taken needed. Otherwise, best headache app I've seen
Still in the process of trying to identify triggers I didn't know about, but is a helpful log.
I suffer from chronic cluster migraines and this app has helped me keep track and manage them
Very helpful and simple to track.
I love this app, it makes recording everything so simple which is what you need when you're in so much pain. And the supportive messages are so cute :) only suggestion - to be able to record when the intensity changes throughout the day, as it is never just one level of pain. Otherwise fantastic!
Better than others that I've tried, no complaints just compliments
great tool, Doctor liked it, sleep records are hard to change.
I have been using this app for a number of years. My biggest issue is that they want payment to share my reports with me in a format that I can actually give to my doctor. The migraine tracking is good, sleep tracking is iffy (like most sleep trackers on phones) with trigger insights that have improved drastically. I think it would be great to link it all together with your fitness app so you can really see the whole picture would be a fantastic next step for them and worth "upgrading".
Not enough information yet for reporting but I like the options.
A better way of tracking migraines
Makes it so much easier to keep track of when I'm getting them and what's going on with me.
There's a few small additions I'd make but overall it's a fantastic way to track migraines and is way easier than anything I've come across before.
Not very user friendly when it comes to adding friends. But I like the reminder.
Would like to be able to keep track of different pain levels.. like if meds were somewhat effective and the pain lessens.
I really like this app, would give 5 stars if the weather was displayed in Fahrenheit and if it found your actual location. It finds me about 60 miles away from my location.
Rates sleep every morning.  Asked correct questions about migraine  and symptoms.  Can keep check on how often you get them.  Good app!
It's been very helpful tracking my symptoms. I like the ability to add my own description. Now when I see all my doctor's I can give dates and times and what was going on type of info. I hope it all comes to a point when I don't have them as frequent. Thanks I love it
I am pretty happy with the basicness of this app and I like the fact that suggestions made are being taken into consideration for updated versions. Thank you for this easy way to track migraines and keep a list for my doctor.
Good app
Very helpful and simple to track.
Love this app, didn't know there was anything like it until I read about it on several migraine web sites. I love how you can customise everything in each section. The only problem I have is usually two days out of the week, it doesn't track my sleep, and there appears to be no way of adding it manually? And I actually set it beside me in bed because I also use a natural wake up app on my phone to help relieve stress. All in all a wonderful app and helps me feel more in control now. Thanks so much for this!
Not very user friendly when it comes to adding friends. But I like the reminder.
Easy way to track for myself and doctors
Easy to use
I really like this app for keeping track of my migraines.  The sleep part still doesn't work and you can't go back in and modify things after you confirm.  So if I get relief from something while ongoing I can't input it without deleting.  But overall a good app.
App works well and is helpful in recognizing multiple factors for migraine in order to make changes and minimize migraine impact.
Quite nice to have an app to record all my migraine
Makes tracking migraines super easy
Good so far
I like this app because it helped to keep track of my migraines without having to write unnecessarily when I'm already in pain. I just show the chart to my Dr and makes my appts with her easier and faster. No explanations needed or need to remember facts; they're right there.
Haven't tried any other headache tracker apps but this one was strongly recommended. I like that I can customize it.
Just wish it had a backup and restore feature.
Tracks your sleep and migraine cycles along with other stuff to help you figure out why or what to avoid, specific to you. You can choose to be part of a study. Handy app, recommended by a friend and useful for taking to a GP if you are asked to track it.
Only just downloaded this app, suffering  bad attack, and wanted something that I could effectively track it. Love the fact that the record stage is so in depth. So far it seems amazing
Like the app but..... sucks battery like crazy even with sleep monitor disabled.
This is pretty close to perfect. my only wish was a way to record the days that I didn't get a migraine, but had aura symptoms.
Great app to track my migraines!  Quick and easy.
This is very helpful when I see my Neurologist!
This is very helpful in tracking patterns. I finally uninstalled it tho only because my migraines are under control (for now) may use it again in the future
It helps me and my doctors keep track of my headaches and migraines.
This is the third times I re-instaled this app but when I sign in, my records are still there. I was just afraid recording migraine cycle would mean claiming this headache in my life. But I realise recording it helps me manage and understand the cycle. Actually I really wish if this app provide chat room.
Migraine buddy app is very usefull I track and use all the tools to show my GP and specialist.
I would prefer if the app didn't tell me how long I've had the migraine. I like seeing how long I've been migraine free though.
Great way to really identify your triggers and useful strategies to promote effective management.
Good app, needs to be more personalised, like being able to monitor the ups and downs of the pain during a migraine. Otherwise fantastic.
This is a great app but it would be additionally helpful if i could record when I take each medication.
Love the app. Very easy to use.
app works great, I wish there was a way to input my own triggers, cuz I know mine.  But for figuring out triggers, it's great! Tracking migraines is a breeze
Good app for tracking
This app is a major help. I never realized I had so many headaches but this app helps me to track every single one. I can add and remove anything...the only issue I have is trying to find things isn't always easy.
It works amazing but I'd love to see a new icon and a better design at the main screen. :)
Really helpful and easy to use. Categories can be customised to match your own experiences. Would be nice if it enabled users to record different types of headaches as well.
Could be more precise, such as exact time medication was taken. It would be nice if I could enter the multiple times I took medications.
It's a great app to keep track of my migraines although there's still some room for improvement. It would be great if the app could pull data from my Fitbit Charge, which already tracks my sleep and in a much more accurate way than using the app's sleep detection. Also not sure if it's a bug but the alert about the new features in the app keeps popping up whenever I go to a new section in the app. But great job, hoping for more in terms of integration with other health trackers!
I love having an easy way to document my migraines. I hope I can share my reports with my doctor to help narrow down my triggers. I would like an option to enter foods last eaten before the onset of a migraine, even if it it food groups like dairy, sweets, carbs, etc. I think that would help determine if food is a trigger.
Was looking forward to use the aap to get relief from migraine pain and it's affects but unfortunately can't.
Great app!
Very easy to use. I think it will be helpful when talking to my doctor and in trying to figure out triggers.
Great headache diary. Best I've found online. Wish it have the ability to zoom in and free hand draw on the head/face AND use symbols like a lightening bolt, stars, arrows to describe pain, direction, intensity. Sometimes the nerve pain is so bad that I can't describe it verbally ( or read it off a list)... But I could draw it for you.
Great app. Works better on my old HTC than my new Samsung but love the way it records my sleep without me doing anything.
I have started using this recently and i might just work out a few things about my migraines.  Impressed how easy it is to use. It might be slightly more effective if there were an optional food diary attached.
Really good one.  For some reason my daily tracker notification is not working accurately.  Could You help me in correcting it?
Very helpful. This app keeps me on track.
Just a neat app. Also hope that the data created can help in headache research.  What I am missing are some specifications for tension-like headaches, which are less in attack form and rather in daily mood.
Love this app! Super love the addition of the weather feature! Would be great if it would have current weather for all days (sometimes it says unavailable even with GPS turned on). Otherwise, such a great app! Love it!!!
Love the questions and topics.  I wish it if a migraine was ongoing, it would open to most recent migraine, until it is completed.
Just started using this app and it's the best one I've ever used to track  migraines
I would love it even more if I could modify the pain location screen.
I have severe migrains and this app helps me track them for my future doctors appointments
They're seeking to do a lot with this app, so some of the functionality can be clunky. However, I find it incredibly supportive & thorough as a tool to help track migraine & neuralgia, as well as a great tool to use to communicate with care providers in a more efficient & reliable way than simply memory. Also find it very validating to see how other folks experience certain symptoms that I came to think of as "abnormal," & generally just the sense of not being one in this disorder.
Could use a trackable pain scale instead of just one steady number. I dont know about anyone else but i have varying pain levels
Good app as I'm rubbish at keeping a diary, it's a shame you have to reach 100 buddies, there are only 14 where I live :/
Love it
Keeping track has never been easier. I've had migraines for 10 years now and for the first time I'm seeing somewhat consistent patterns with causes and with what helps.
Can be a little buggy and slow to load but generally good
Handy way to collect and record detailed info on my migraines. Also great to analyse my sleep patterns.
Love this app! It is well laid out, easy to record a migraine and the history surrounding it. I only have one issue with it, which is signing to me, which issue why I had to give 4 stars instead of 5. Upon opening the app it seems to take forever for it to load the elapsed time. I don't have connection problems with anything else, just the loading of this app. Please try and address this guys! I really want to use this app but I'm running out of patience. Please try!
I think this will help a lot. Love the input interface.
Very detailed recording. Will work well for tracking migraine/headaches.
It had been a great tool to help log my migraines/severe headaches.
Just what I needed to log my migraines. This app is very user friendly as well.
Best way to keep track of your migraines,  like this app!!
But after all the evaluation there is no prescription or analysis based on the provided info. It only helps to record the migraine but no help is there to get rid of migraine.
As a person who has chronic headaches daily and fluctuating migraines,  it would be wonderful if I could rate my pain scale over time as it progresses . Also it would be helpful to show over time how the pain changes location over the skull.  I love the detailed section option for pain location in this app. Over all it has been been very helpful in communicating my headache pattern to my doctor.
This is a brilliant app for recording detailed information about my migraines. I would like to be able to update pain levels throughout the migraine to show how it progresses, rather than have just one pain level recorded. I'd also like to record how pain moves from the initial location. I'd also like to link it to an app that tracks my food and water so that I can see if that is a factor. Regardless of those additions this is still a very helpful app.
This app has been useful in determining or confirming triggers. The ability to track many things at once is excellent. I've kept a spreadsheet for a decade about my migraines, but was never able to track this many things. It does not do as good a job tracking the efficacy of preventatives. There is no end date for preventatives and the time periods of 1, 2, and 3 months are totally inadequate. I've found over the years that you need a full year on a preventative to fairly evaluate it.
This app helps me track and identify my different headache types.
Very good
It keeps crashing.
👍👍👍nice
I like the reminders every day and it's very easy to use
I love this app. The only reason I cannot give it five stars is that there is no way to vary the intensity of a migraine during the life of the migraine. I have to stop and start migraines constantly because mine vary in intensity throughout the life of one. However I have chronic migraines that can last days or weeks. This app is AMAZING. Anyone with migraines should download it immediately.
This is great for tracking your migraines and headaches. I've been able to show more detail to my doctor. It is very easy to use and very detailed. I do wish you could track your migraine progress. Example, the app should ask how you're feeling after X amount of time and allow for additional info to be added I stead of replacing what you already recorded.
Very  helpful for  when I  go to the  doctor, not having to just remember when I last  had a  migraine.
Needed something to start keeping my daily migraines. The only drawback is it doesn't ask if the pain decreases at any point. Other then that, can't wait to show my new docs at Mayo progress
Such a great app for tracking my migraines, it's helped me find some triggers and helps me control them. Would be 5 stars if I could change the pain intensity during a migraine as its not a constant pain level
I great help in keeping up with my migraines.
It's a very useful app! There are a few things I would like to see added to it to track even more. But this is still the best app I have come across to help track and record my migraines!
It's so easy to fill in when I have a headache. Easy to email to my doctor. Helped me to learn more about my migraines and offers choices that I would never have thought of. Only down side is that it takes alot of battery but I can live with that considering all the benefits.
I think this will help a lot. Love the input interface.
This is a great app. I wish there was a better way to track med doses, pain, treatments, etc on a timeline then a graph to see what is working and what is not. Or even a position tracker for standing sitting laying front back sidlying. For those applying for disability this could be a great asset.
Its easy and helpful to use. My neurologist reccomended it.
Very easy to use and track!
So glad I found this app, helps track my migraines and sleep schedule  (recently diagnosed with sleep apnea). If there was option to add/remove categories it would be great - 5 star
helps me narrow down and track my triggers and migraines
This is fantastic for logging headaches and migraines
Edited: Thank you for the code. I like it so far. I'll update after I use it.
It helps me so much. I cannot always remember what I felt or how to describe it but the picture icons are perfect. Really shows me how much time I deal with the pain. Perfect documentation tool. Recommend by a Dr and I love it!
There's a few small additions I'd make but overall it's a fantastic way to track migraines and is way easier than anything I've come across before.
Great design, easy-to-use.  Love how it tracks my sleep for me by last and first time I used my phone - AWESOME.    Ideas for other helpful things to include in functionality: 1) Some headaches last all day or are small pains on and off, which I need to track.  This is difficult to do with the time function - is there a way to make this optional so you can record all-day pain? 2) My doc wants me to record  exercise, weather, hydration and food, which I do in the notes, but could be other categories to fill out for a cleaner report.  3) Would be awesome to have an account that I could fill out on a computer or a tablet too, sometimes typing a lot on my phone is annoying.  But I am LOVING IT.  Definitely the best headache diary I've seen!
It was great for a few months, when suddenly it stopped tracking my sleep, and stopped notifying me of when to add details. Which truly sucked...
This app is perfect for tracking my migraines and sleep. I show it to my treating team so they can work with me best. It also makes me more conscious of how much sleep I need at night to feel well rested. My only issue is sometimes it can be a bit fiddly but really it only takes a few minutes to record a migraine.
It helps migraine sufferers to track common triggers and symptoms in a very-easy-to-use app
Pretty good overall. I don't really understand how the triggers section ia supposed to work. I enter things I am exposed to, and I thought the app would compare that to when I have attacks to help me determine likely causes. However, it seems to just rate things as triggers b/c they are on there a lot, regardless of whether my headaches correlate. Also, the "Sun/Dehydration" one is confusing. Is this an and or an or statement? And dehydration is already an option. Recommend splitting these up.
Very helpful
Good for daily tracking but needs to allow for hourly changes. You can  enter info in notes, but that doesn't produce quantifiable data. So if you  have pain all day but "peak" for a few hours, you can't reflect that. Also,  charted data should be downloadable so doc doesn't have to go through so  much. Let us download the charts we can see in app!
Very helpful
This app is the only one you can use while you have the migraine.the colors and buttons are easy on the eyes when you are in the grip of the migraine. If you cant answer all the questions, you can skip though. There are a few recommendations, have times for meds, place for notes, but overall, I really love this app.developers are super great!!!!
This app is very helpful for anyone who suffers from migraines.
Would like to see a category for after a migraine, like how did I feel after the migraine because sometimes I feel completely rejuvinated after one and sometimes I feel completely drained of energy.
I love that I'm able to track my migraines, having migraines for almost 30 years
I like the reports generated  & symptoms & triggers etc
Useful tool
Attractive interface and easy to use. I also find it very helpful in tracking the frequency and intensity of my migraines. This information helps me to identify which treatment methods work and to which degree.
Can be a little buggy and slow to load but generally good
Great organized app that lets me keep track of day-to-day activities. Only thing is that when I try to open the app with wifi, it runs incredibly slowly and eventually stops responding, so I have to close it
I really like how easy it is to use APP. I would like to see an "add" option on the section of what does not work. I would also like an information section to explain the reports, because I am new at seeking help for my migraines.
Helpful app. Tracks well and will wait till you can look at the screen on your phone if necessary. Let's you in put your own medications and self helps and triggers. Been using it to help my neurologist understand my chronic migraine better
When i use it, it's great
Thank you
Would be great if the data could be exported as an excel file so we can compare it against data from other tracking apps. Overall a wonderful tool and I'll keep using it either way. Easy to input data and asking so many right questions. Thanks!
Great tool
This app has helped me keep good records to share with my doctor. I would live to see my weather app linked. They have migraine predictions and I would like to see how closely their predictions sync with my migraines and vice versa.
Excellent app ♡
Good app. Weather needs help though, it can never find any near me and makes it hard to help figure out if it's triggering anything.
I'm so thankful I was introduced to this app. It has helped so much.
Just started using it, and seems really good. Good list of options to choose from.  Can't wait to see the analysis.
Only thing missing would be the ability to put in the time you took a medication at a later time if you were unable to log it at the time you took it so that the timer would count from the time you took it instead of the start at the time you turn it on.
I love this  app. So much easier than tracking migraines on paper. I wish there was a brightness option as I find the screen very bright for when my migraines are bad (light sensitivity). I also wish  there was an option to grade migraine as the day goes on (starts mild in am, gets severe in afternoon, etc). This is  what Drs ask for.  Highly recommend this app.
I am pretty happy with the basicness of this app and I like the fact that suggestions made are being taken into consideration for updated versions. Thank you for this easy way to track migraines and keep a list for my doctor.
I just started using this app so far I love the work it is doing for me! Is there a way to store photos ? This would be helpful.  My face swells during a migraine and it be important to document ? Keep up the amazing work and thank u for this app!
A better way of tracking migraines
Easy to use and so far is my go to app. Will have a better opinion after using it a bit longer
This app is almost perfect. I love the detail you can put in. I wish they was a way to change pain rating over an extended amount of time. My migraines last for days and it would help track the variation over time
Would like the option to put more details in, but it's good.
Need write in section
Very easy to use and track!
Love this app! Super love the addition of the weather feature! Would be great if it would have current weather for all days (sometimes it says unavailable even with GPS turned on). Otherwise, such a great app! Love it!!!
I'm able to go into my doctor and say see this is how many migraines I am having and when and maybe that will help them help me. So thank you. I also like the sleep tracker, not sure how the auto detection works but I like the feature.
Just add common food triggers of migrain in 1 tab..
Helpful
This is a brilliant app to help record your migraines and keep an eye on how often you get them and what reliefs that work for you. Only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is I wish there were automatic timestamps on any entries in a record after the migraine began. I know there's a free notes section but it would make it easier with automatic timestamps when you have a migraine lasting longer than  a few hours :)
Great app, the only thing I'm missing is that the weather option doesn't seem to work in my region and also, the intensity of the pain varies in a migraine, so it'd be great if you introduced something to track this! :)
great app and easy to use!
A few more tweaks needed.but an overall good app.
It covers soo many aspects of a migraine. V thorough and detailed.
While I appreciate this app, I feel like there is a long way to go. My doctor can't find any information on if this is hippa compliant, so I cannot legally export the information to him. Also, as you can edit it as many times as you want, I have yet to find a way to edit the medication to show how often I takebit. So if my migraine is a week long, it shows I took my med once the entire duration.
Easy to use.   Very helpful.
Would like to be able to keep track of different pain levels.. like if meds were somewhat effective and the pain lessens.
My Dr loves that I have this so much that she is recommending it to other migraine suffering patients!
I just recently started getting more frequent migraines and wanted to track them. Migraine buddy is helping me do this easily.
Very helpful!
I needed something like this so bad. Was told about this app in one of the migraine support groups I'm in. I love being able to track time, triggers, and what worked vs what didn't work.
I love this app and how helpful it is in keeping track of my migraines! It's pretty cool that it can estimate when you slept as well. I love how thorough it is. My one complaint is that I wish I could tell it in from the US and therefore write dates in a different order. I keep getting the month and day mixed up, as we do month/day and the UK does day/month.
Sleep detection times are nice because I would always forget to track it. Compared to other migraine apps it is the best I've tried.
Great way to help you track your migraines. Options to add extra symptoms/treatment other than those listed. I found helpful in working out frequency and triggers.
This is a great app that works incredibly well, is easy to use and makes monitoring headaches very easy. Sadly the last update brings a permanent notification regarding the sleep time monitor. The sleep monitor has been a great feature for years, but why we need a permanent notification on our devices now is anyones guess. Please allow us to swipe the notification away or not have it at all.
Useful tool
Love it
Easy app
Está genial poder controlar los ataques, el darles un nombre, el pensar en las causas... Pero es una app que usa mucha gente, se agradecerían más idiomas
An extremely easy and stress free way to log all my migraines and sleep patterns for my doctors appointments  in great detail! I personally suffer with daily chronic migraine syndrome and get migraines everyday but the severity changes daily, so the only thing I would change on the app would be the ability to record constant migraines with changing symptoms. Which currently you can only do either separate occurrences or constant ones with the same symptoms. But fantastic little device :-)
Very helpful in tracking things. I knew my sleep played a BIG part but had NO IDEA how awful my sleep was until Migraine buddy tracked it...
Amazing app- the only thing that would be helpful would be if I could record how the level of pain varies during one migraine, I find I'm often making multiple reports for one migraine.
Very helpful
New to this. Big hopes. Looks promising
I really enjoy this app! I mainly use it to just track what and when so that when I go to a doctor I have all the basic information they usually would ask for. My migraine at the moment is all over the place so it's nice to have something where I can track what happened and where as I can start feeling one coming up. I also like the fact that the app takes into consideration other types of headaches  too, such as tension headache. Also the little encouragement when you're in pain, that's such a nice little detail! Doesn't make my head hurt less but does make me smile despite it!
Never used a migraine tracker app before.  Honestly never thought of it even existing. But I am super happy with it so far! I do wish though when the end time....doesn't require answering yes to is the migraine still going. It's kind of annoying. Maybe I missing something. ..idk. still satisfied with it!
App works well and is helpful in recognizing multiple factors for migraine in order to make changes and minimize migraine impact.
Great app for putting it all together
Great app, helping me trend my triggers and how often I am having migraines.
I live with headaches, so when I was told to keep a headache and sleep log for a neuro appr I instantly looked for an app. Easy to use. A few enhancements with time tracking and effectiveness of interventions make data tracking even better so less time putting in these notes.
I haven't used this app in awhile but it is definitely a good app to have if you suffer with migraines
Good tool and easy to use
very helpful
Just started using this app and it's the best one I've ever used to track  migraines
Only problem is the sleep diary is off a lot and wont let me change the times
Helped me to identify and therefore avoid triggers. Great app.
So far a good app. It's pretty easy to use and this will make me more apt to actually record my migraines. I recommend this for others who have migraines.
It's too soon to know if this app will help me identify triggers but it's the only thing I've tried in several years of trying to get a handle on my migraines and headaches that I actually use consistently, and that in itself is a great result. Very easy to use and customize and I love the friendly daily reminder to record my day.
Keep Track of my migraines and sleeping habits
It should let you track 2 a day,  sometimes they overlap till the next morning then msy disappear only to reappear hours later.
loving it so far....only on day 2 though
Great for tracking migraines and remembering what the cause was ... makes it easier to talk to my doctor about them.
Love the app. Would be cool if it could link to my fitbit to track sleep  and exercise. Easy to use and super helpful
Helpful to track triggers
Haven't tried any other headache tracker apps but this one was strongly recommended. I like that I can customize it.
Very intuitive app with descriptive enough icons that keep stain from causing more pain. I've only just started using it, but two improvements I'd make would be tracking the evolution of events, and adding a widget.
THE ACTIVE SLEEP DETECTION NOTIFICATION WONT GO AWAAAAY. I love this feature but make the notification go away please. I dont want to put it in manually but notes baaaaad. Otherwise great app 👍
I've always wanted to somehow keep track of my migraines to see patterns. This app lets me do that!
Amazing app...just can't seem to get the buddy part to work...
Finding an application to document these unpleasant events that did not cause further frustrations was difficult.   It had good reviews and after using to build my history from a note pad notes I find it really easy to use.
only been using it for a couple weeks, so far it's been very helpful. i appreciate the ability to customize information. have been pleasantly surprised.
This will help
I use this to track my sons' migraines,  about a third of which are abdominal with no head pain. If this was an added option in the pain location section that would be fantastic, & worth 5 stars! Also does anyone know if there is a way to keep track of the preventative meds that he takes nightly? Besides those two little bug bears, this is a great app
Works great and asks the basic questions need to report back to my doctor.
Easy to use. Helpful little app to try and gain some insight into why i keep getting migraines. Keeping track is helping me look for patterns. Thanks 🙂
Great tracker app
It would be nice if the app would track meals as well as allowing for parents to track their own migraines with their children's migraines.
An excellent way to keep track of your migraines! I love that I only need to press one thing once a migraine starts, and the app reminds me to finish the entry off once the migraine has passed. I already knew my triggers but this is great for tracking frequency, duration and intensity. It definitely makes you feel more in control of your migraines.   One downside: ive stopped using the sleep tracking as I found it was draining too much of my battery during the day.
I love that this app is so easy to use. The structure is well laid out and intuitive. I love the sleep records and find them useful for tracking other health items, but would like to see a sum total on days when my sleep is interrupted instead of having multiple times on one day. Overall, I recommend this app and have had great success in managing my migraines. Thanks for the hard work and keep updating!
The app is designed nicely and very thorough. However, I wish it could connect to other apps though, such as Garmin Connect or (Jawbone) UP - that way, sleep would be imported from them to Migraine Buddy. Or connect to MyFitnessPal and import sodium/water intake.
Helped the doctors understand what could be the best medicine
Love it!
Helpful
It's a good app, but needs a bit more flexibility. For example, what about "I suspect a migraine is coming"? And taking a triptan to avoid it? If successful, there's no migraine to record. But the app has no option for that.
Like this app a lot!
Nice app. Would have given 5 stars but I think the email reports need to show more information. Ie graphs and the other tabs info.
It is so easy to use and easy to read.
I tried doing journals of my migraines but never knew what to input...this makes it easy to tap a button and start...Then I can view info later to see if the headaches reoccur with same triggers. thank u.
This apps helped me a lot in tracking the causes of my migraine and the best method to relief it.
How do I change it to logged as a tension headache
The app picture the lines around her face remind me of a migraine and I feel sick. Has put me off using and looking at if this could be changed it really help
great app and easy to use!
I thought I only had 2 or 3 migraines a month,  but this program helped me realize I get a lot more.  It also pointed out some triggers I had not thought of. A few more detailed reports would be nice
Would love if there was an option that I could enter the pain if it is worse or better. For example, ar 10am pain could be 4 but at 1 pm pain could be 7. Maybe it does allow that and I just don't know. ( downloaded 3 days ago) but other than that I love it. Especially sleep detection !
Very good app for helping identify triggers and track headaches. Has weather, pressure forecasts and places to put in notes. It does take time to get used to the app.  I have another pain condition I'd like to track with it and I sent the suggestion to add that and was told to track it as a migraine and add a different type. Not sure that will work but I was thankful for their quick and personal response.
Love the app wish it tracked my daily pain levels not just overall levels
very helpful app...helps me to keep track of migraines and to note possible  triggers
Great app. One thing I would love to see is more note sections (in the calender for instance). There's often times where I would like to record something that doesn't quite fit into the normal options, and I don't want to record it as an actual occurrence to add the comment. Beyond that, keep it up. Huge help!
I like that this app. is easy to use.
I've needed an easy to use method for tracking my migraines, but all of the other means were complicated and cumbersome.  Here I am allowed to modify/add various data that is applicable specifically to me, which helps my doctor and me manage my migraines.  My only suggestion would be to graph the data for a pictorial presentation.
Helps me to keep track of how often my migraines accure... Still hoping to find the source of them.
It is very helpful, and allows me to get a glimpse into what could be the main cause of my migraines.
This is the third times I re-instaled this app but when I sign in, my records are still there. I was just afraid recording migraine cycle would mean claiming this headache in my life. But I realise recording it helps me manage and understand the cycle. Actually I really wish if this app provide chat room.
Really helps me keep track of all my migraines
This app is helpful for tracking headaches and migraines. If anything it makes you more aware of your daily activities that might be triggering the migraines. I wish that we could add comments in the daily tracker (ie. # of alcoholic drinks rather than just selecting 'alcohol').
Very easy to use. I think it will be helpful when talking to my doctor and in trying to figure out triggers.
Very helpful.  I just answer the questions and don't have to think too much.  Which is the last thing you want to do with a migraine!
An OK app, for whatever reason I find it difficult to use with consistency
This app is great. Not only can you keep an accurate account of your migraines,  but you can also imput signs, symptoms, triggers, etc. Would certainly recommend this app. to others.
I just started using so I'm not sure but it seems like it covers everything.
Helped me to identify and therefore avoid triggers. Great app.
I love this  app. So much easier than tracking migraines on paper. I wish there was a brightness option as I find the screen very bright for when my migraines are bad (light sensitivity). I also wish  there was an option to grade migraine as the day goes on (starts mild in am, gets severe in afternoon, etc). This is  what Drs ask for.  Highly recommend this app.
It's a very useful app! There are a few things I would like to see added to it to track even more. But this is still the best app I have come across to help track and record my migraines!
So useful and comprehensive.
This is a great app to help me track my migraines...  It's been so helpful.
Great app easy to use. I found the paper diaries to difficult and I always forgot about them. Never forget my phone.                                            adding: dropping it down to 4 stars it won't load any more so I can't track migraines all it does is track my sleep. Frustrating
Great app.  I do wish there was a way to enter food groups for each meal.
This has helped me keep track of what may be causong my migraines and the reliefs
It's got lots if features, but it's really really slow (always synchronizing) even on a high-end phone. Also, weather tracking doesn't really work (it should use the last location), nor the long-term preventive medication tracking.
Just wish it had a backup and restore feature.
Helps me track my migraine triggers and helpful remedies but its not accurate for tracking sleeping time and duration
It keeps crashing.
Nice app
I get chronic migraines and this helps me keep track of when and what triggers them. I wish there was a spot for people who are in menopause that can select that instead of always having to say no to mensuration cycle. (Still NO update part on the menopause selection :( )Also, wish there was something that says that the weather is a trigger for people like myself. I also wish that the sleep notification was explained better and could be fixed for the times
It's too soon to know if this app will help me identify triggers but it's the only thing I've tried in several years of trying to get a handle on my migraines and headaches that I actually use consistently, and that in itself is a great result. Very easy to use and customize and I love the friendly daily reminder to record my day.
Very easy to use and great to have at a doctors appointment so I can show them my headache days on the calendar.  Thanks for creating this!
The only thing I can see that needs fixed is that during a migraine attack I can't fluctuate the intensity level. My migraines don't stay the same the whole time. I have to end putting in an end time and start a new migraine log when it is actually the same migraine.
I think it is great the only down side is the sleep recorder never works its always says it did not record last night sleep
Great app glade you added  the pressure differently (inhg)
This has been so helpful in tracking my migraines and finding patterns. The  reports are useful & presented in an easily digestible way.
Early days for me, but I love the completeness of record and ability to add symptoms/treatments. Not sure yet how to use the reports - so will review those later when I have more data.
Only improvement should be able to record more than one episode per day as mine may go away after taking meds only to return later and pain level most of the time intensifies during an attack so it may start as a 3 and end up as a 10.
The app is very helpful. The only thing I want to do when I have a migraine is try to sleep. I can record it any time and add on later. Then i send it to my doctor easily. I love being told how long it's been since my last migraine.
This app has helped me keep good records to share with my doctor. I would live to see my weather app linked. They have migraine predictions and I would like to see how closely their predictions sync with my migraines and vice versa.
reassuring and great for keeping a record
Thanks so much for this free app it is very helpful in keeping track of these terrible headaches, this information will be helpful for my doctor to better treat these chronic migraines.
So far so good
Migraines are a Holy Terror!  This app makes it easy to track the terror!
This app has helped me keep good records to share with my doctor. I would live to see my weather app linked. They have migraine predictions and I would like to see how closely their predictions sync with my migraines and vice versa.
Still needs some tweeking but a good tool for daily tracking of migraines.
It is great. If you let me add when I took med and if I took the preventive med the night before that would help. But I do love it so far.
Love the questions and topics.  I wish it if a migraine was ongoing, it would open to most recent migraine, until it is completed.
Great tool
Works well for tracking symptoms and monitoring migraine frequency.
wonderful
Having some issues, but all and all I like this app...
Sometimes I forget to go back to it for times, but it's very helpful being able to record the pains, and lengthy periods of my migraines. Very well put together.
Something can be learned from the data people are providing, identifying an actual treatment that works based on what other similar users provide. Please, provide that information to people who's profiles match.
I really enjoy this app! I mainly use it to just track what and when so that when I go to a doctor I have all the basic information they usually would ask for. My migraine at the moment is all over the place so it's nice to have something where I can track what happened and where as I can start feeling one coming up. I also like the fact that the app takes into consideration other types of headaches  too, such as tension headache. Also the little encouragement when you're in pain, that's such a nice little detail! Doesn't make my head hurt less but does make me smile despite it!
Keeping track of my sleep patterns has been as important lately as keeping track of my migraines! Love that I can do both in one place!
Good app to keep a track of your migraine!
I need a food diary in the app to see if what I'm eating is causing my migraines. The only place to add comments is when I record a migraine (not very helpful; I need to be able to enter food even when I DON'T have a migraine so that I can look for patterns) and the sleep diary (also not helpful because I need to record food for each specific day, whereas my sleep entries are usually from the night of 1 day to the morning of another so I cannot single out a day to write down which foods I've eaten).
very comprehensive app for taking almost everything that can cause or worsen a migraine into account. a little buggy, though.
I get lots and they're debilitating so this is a great  way to keep up with them.
Good
I just started using this app, it seems like it willbe helpful.    I love the way it asks everyday to record your sleep because i would forget to otherwise, but i wish the sleep record thing was a little different.  its a little diffacult to record my broken sleep habits, i sometimes  sleep for a few hours wake up for a few then need to go back to sleep , also it might be helpful if one of the migraine questions was about the weather, im thinking some of my migraines might be weather related
This app is helpful for tracking headaches and migraines. If anything it makes you more aware of your daily activities that might be triggering the migraines. I wish that we could add comments in the daily tracker (ie. # of alcoholic drinks rather than just selecting 'alcohol').
Very useful for tracking migraines
Great tracker, helps identify triggers, easy to use, super detailed
I love the fact that I can send my Dr my headache logs. Easy to record, make amendments.
So far so good
Helped me find patterns
But this app deserves a great one. Very helpful and detailed in tracking migraines. I recommend it to everyone who needs a good way to track their headaches and triggers.
Brilliant app really useful for me and my doctor
Great for keeping track,  but sleep detection is not working,  not sure why, but it used to.
Please could you add a button for waking in the night. My daughter has a lot of migraines and when I add her sleep it would be nice if I could fill in the times that she wakes through the night... (usually 2/3times)
its good but the way it records time it thinks i was sleeping is annoying. It asks if a slept during class or work hours and when I select NO. it opens a new window instead  of deleting the record,i have to then select delete entree and confirm it again. i dont know why i completed the time i usually sleep if its going to ask me very time i dont use de phone if i was sleeping.
I'm finding this app very helpful but there's one big problem, almost every time I go to record the time of a migraine it crashes. I often have to make several attempts before it works. Otherwise great.
Great app.  Suggestions: Input time of pain meds taken.  Multiple times taken needed. Otherwise, best headache app I've seen
I like this app it really helps track info and i like that there are so many options to help track the type of migraine or triggers.
Good app
Amazing app- the only thing that would be helpful would be if I could record how the level of pain varies during one migraine, I find I'm often making multiple reports for one migraine.
Asks all the right questions and allows owns options tobe added
great tool, Doctor liked it, sleep records are hard to change.
Having some issues, but all and all I like this app...
Good so far
Good app
This app is a great way to keep track of all my migraines and triggers. It has helped when I go to the Neurologist I have a record of how many migraines I have had.  This will also help when applying for disability
Helpful in keeping track of attacks and possibly triggers.
A fabulously useful app but would be so much better if it incorporated a foods diary so that if there are food links with my migraine they can be spotted easier. There is a my triggers section but this only helps if you know what your food triggers are rather than seeing a pattern with things you didn't realise were a problem.
Work great but could use some other stuff like if it gets worse overtime
Recording the pain and keeping track of my meds is necessary. This app has been great. But it can't record your menstrual cycle day and that would be important.
Best headache app I have found so far. A little confusing at first, but good once you get the hang of it. The interface could be a little prettier. Also, for tracking migraines, it's important to track your aura, be it classic or sensory. They should add something to track when the aura starts, what the aura is, how long does it last, and how long before the migraine started. These are all questions good headache neurologists ask.
Great organized app that lets me keep track of day-to-day activities. Only thing is that when I try to open the app with wifi, it runs incredibly slowly and eventually stops responding, so I have to close it
It does exactly what it needs to do!
Good app as I'm rubbish at keeping a diary, it's a shame you have to reach 100 buddies, there are only 14 where I live :/
Easy way to track for myself and doctors
The best app I've found so far. I have chronic daily migraine,  never goes away only changes intensity. It would be nice to be able to track the intensity levels, but can't change it w/o changing the whole day. Also would be nice to track diet and weather information all in one place, more of a complete daily journal maybe broken down to morning noon and night... Otherwise like, the sleep tracker and the fact that you can customize triggers, meds etc...very user-friendly!
Like the app but..... sucks battery like crazy even with sleep monitor disabled.
very good app helps me with my headache x
This app would get 5 stars from me if it weighed my data and gave me suggestions outside of the obvious. My biggest problems come from scintillating scotomas for example, any relief reccomendation would be comforting in more ways than one.
I'm still getting used to using it. I really like it. The one thing I've found so far is the sleep function... It assumes I'm sleeping when I'm at work because I'm not using my phone?? Um, no. Just not playing on my phone or moving it around. :-( Also, I hope to export info from it to email so I can print it for my doctor. But, overall, so far, I really like it.
I've been using this app for months now and I love it! It helps me keep track of my migraines so I can share info. with my doctor and other sufferers. I think this app should include weather conditions. I have another app that does this and it is incredibly helpful! It helps me know if weather could be a factor. If this happens, I can give this app 5 stars!
Great if you suffer from recurrent headaches/migraines. It really helps you see just how often they happen and helps you find root causes.
Love the app. Only ìmprovement would be if you could record at what time you took each medication.  When in a daze you sometimes forget when you took what.
This is a brilliant handy little app that has so much to offer and add to or change, I just wish I could add in the dates for my menstrual cycle. otherwise I absolutely love this app and all it does for me.
Keeps an eye on how many I have which is really helpful
Needed something to start keeping my daily migraines. The only drawback is it doesn't ask if the pain decreases at any point. Other then that, can't wait to show my new docs at Mayo progress
I just came across this today but as a migraine sufferer, I'll start tracking episodes to see if we can find the root cause of them.
It keeps crashing.
Really helpful to help me realize just how many I actually get. The app also helps me better communicate with my doctor about what's working and what's not.
Good app for tracking
So far, it's pretty good.  A little too specific in some areas, but lookimg at the feedback and seeing responses from healint makes me feel better knowing someone is listening.
Helps a lot in keeping track of my migraines. Easy to identify the triggers and patterns. Now I know what to avoid to prevent headaches. The reports are very useful.
Has helped narrow down triggers and track symptoms.
This app is easy to use and very helpful in identifying triggers.
android app btw than iOS
Helpful. Would prefer a button for tapping sleep start and end instead of auto detection
Neat approach
A few additional features would make this an outstanding app.  First: Not all headaches are migraines. Some do escalate, but preventative meds can usually prevent that. Being able to differentiate between the two would be helpful.  Second: For women, it would be awesome to include a period tracker into the calendar. Sometimes there are correlations we aren't aware of.  Third: Create a profile to track all taken medicines, exercise, sleep, and food. Often there are food triggers from dietary changes that you can't initially identify.  Overall, the app is helpful, but limited in scope.
This app is great for keeping track of migraines, triggers and sleep tracking. Shame it's hard to see the app through migraine aura.
I recommended to other people that have diabetes it can help them a lot  thank you
I really like this app, would give 5 stars if the weather was displayed in Fahrenheit and if it found your actual location. It finds me about 60 miles away from my location.
Migraine Buddy has made great forward progress with recent updates. Many more new tools and reports are part of the recent updates.. The Migraine Buddy team is responsive listening to migraineurs to help with changing to make it better and more useful all the time. That part deserves five stars. A major part that remains lacking is recording changes of symptoms during a migraine. This is a critical need for assessing treatments and symptom changes during the migraine, i.e. how long being unable to speak, how long it takes medication to take affect or if it even worked, etc. Of current issues presented for changes to Migraine Buddy 1/3 to 1/2 could be resloved by making this change alone.
I love this app for tracking attacks and the team are constantly listening to users to help with new features. The report view is great for showing the neuro or GP. One thing it is missing for me is the ability to track stand alone headache days as well as migraine
I like this app it really helps track info and i like that there are so many options to help track the type of migraine or triggers.
Nice and  easy way to track  migraines and provide  to physician
Very helpful.
Helpful to keep track of my headaches and start to see if there is a pattern
Easy to use - love the sleep tracking
Like it
Good and thorough way to record migraines - helps to understand frequency of migraines, triggers, and reliefs.
Works well for tracking symptoms and monitoring migraine frequency.
I just came across this today but as a migraine sufferer, I'll start tracking episodes to see if we can find the root cause of them.
This is an excellent tracker! There are so many options that you can put into it. And it's a great way to see what some of my triggers might be and trying to establish a pattern to look out for. Now if only I could remember to enter the 'daily tracker' info, I'd probably have even better reports in the app! 😉
Works really well, easier than most others to use and has added bonus of the sleep tracker. Can take a while to fill in but worth it.
Nice app
Good but too many notifications!
I would like to see that when you have a migraine multiple days ( I'm a chronic daily migrainer ) that each day you can rate your pain and possible even different times of the day say morning afternoon and evening. That be a H.U.G.E. improvement and I'll give 5 stars for that, I have different pain level throughout the day and on different days buy I don't want to log a new migraine each day when its the same one, it makes it look like I'm having more than I am when in reality its just its diff pain a #
Design and user interface is great!  As a first time use of an app like this, it is great!
Migraine
It is is a great tracker. It does take one or two tries to not accidentally  reset a headache start time or other input, but once you get going, it is  fantastic. It interfaces with a sleep detection device to track sleep and  let's you log a headache but postpone the data entry until after the  headache is gone.
A useful tracking tool. Looking forward to gleaning more helpful information to be able to manage my migraines better - inputting triggers and headache data daily but not a lot of actionable output as yet.
Just started using this app.  Finding it very helpful for tracking migraines.  I like you can add to the different answers you give about your migraine.
Helpful, but during a migraine it's too much. I like the concept, but find  myself using it less and less because my migraines are so frequent and it  takes so long to record the info. The info that is compiled is great for  discussing with the doc and tracking with this app is super helpful.
Would be better if the buddy option was improved and made permanent but definitely useful for keeping my mum updated of the severity of my migraines whilst at uni and my boyfriend when he is away as they both worry and I can show my specialist when I see him!!
This test gave me another headache... Gawd i need some rest..
Helps me keep all info for my chronic migraines, for my doctor.
Very helpful to track triggers I had not noticed before.
Just some small tweaks, like having 150 users, in a smaller community that's kind of difficult.
I appreciate the app, but am uninstalling because it uses so much data (more than Facebook!)
I still haven't figured out my triggers, but I have information stored for my next appointment. That helps tremendously.
Just downloaded app. Great so far. Only complaint, doesn't let me enter my correct birthday.
Rates sleep every morning.  Asked correct questions about migraine  and symptoms.  Can keep check on how often you get them.  Good app!
I always have my phone on me,  not so much a journal or computer. Hopefully this will let me track headaches so I can be free of them. There is an option to add your own triggers and help. I'm hoping this works.
Works really well, easier than most others to use and has added bonus of the sleep tracker. Can take a while to fill in but worth it.
Still getting familiar with the app but so far it gets the job done, i like that i do not have to answer all the questions immediately while suffering and come back to it later
Easy to use. Helpful little app to try and gain some insight into why i keep getting migraines. Keeping track is helping me look for patterns. Thanks 🙂
This is very helpful in tracking patterns. I finally uninstalled it tho only because my migraines are under control (for now) may use it again in the future
android app btw than iOS
I like this app because I can write in notes. There is more options than other apps. I would love to be able to put in the times that I took my meds as sometimes I have to take them more than once. But all in all a good app.
The best app I've found so far. I have chronic daily migraine,  never goes away only changes intensity. It would be nice to be able to track the intensity levels, but can't change it w/o changing the whole day. Also would be nice to track diet and weather information all in one place, more of a complete daily journal maybe broken down to morning noon and night... Otherwise like, the sleep tracker and the fact that you can customize triggers, meds etc...very user-friendly!
I'm terrible at writing things down and remembering what all I should  include. This App has it all. Only minor issues in regards to figuring it  out when you go back in after initial onset.
This app is a great way to keep track of all my migraines and triggers. It has helped when I go to the Neurologist I have a record of how many migraines I have had.  This will also help when applying for disability
This is the best migraine tracking app I've come across. Easy to use when brain function and comprehension are less than optimal.
Love the app. Would be cool if it could link to my fitbit to track sleep  and exercise. Easy to use and super helpful
The will help me a lot..it been hard figuring out what the case is..
I really like how you can email and print a chart for your records and/or for your Dr. (Whom likes that I am using this app too). UPDATE 5/23/16: I have been wondering how weather & pressure affect my migraines  so now since i have updated I can. Looking forward to sharing what I learn with my Dr.
This is a really comprehensive app,  and very useful.  However, the developers really need to implement a dark theme,  it's no fun at all staring at bright white screen while in the middle of a migraine.
Very helpful for helping to keep track of my migraines and what has worked to relieve them. So many useful features.
Very helpful! I wish I would've had this app 4 years ago.
only been using it for a couple weeks, so far it's been very helpful. i appreciate the ability to customize information. have been pleasantly surprised.
Excellent app! Only wish I could change temp to Ferinhite (sp?)
I just downloaded and started but so far this has a lot more to offer than I expected. Very well done.
Very easy to use with perfect detail!
It's so easy to fill in when I have a headache. Easy to email to my doctor. Helped me to learn more about my migraines and offers choices that I would never have thought of. Only down side is that it takes alot of battery but I can live with that considering all the benefits.
It would be nice if the app would track meals as well as allowing for parents to track their own migraines with their children's migraines.
Helpful in monitoring migraine also like to see how many others are experiencing headaches in area
Love the questions and topics.  I wish it if a migraine was ongoing, it would open to most recent migraine, until it is completed.
Helpful app to track my migraine👍
It's a good app for what it is, but it would be better if I could add symptoms between attacks. I have headaches, dizziness, random head pain that only lasts a few minutes or so, etc, between actual migraines. Symptoms that my doctor is always interested in--which is why I went looking for an app. There's nowhere to put all the non-'attack' stuff.
I really enjoy the app
This apps helped me a lot in tracking the causes of my migraine and the best method to relief it.
It helps me to track my migraine attack but it is better if you add food diary to detect triggers
I don't know how to record days affected before migraine attack.
This is the first-time I have used an app like this so it was really easy to understand how to log my migraines.  The one thing I need help with is getting a report for my doctor I need it for my medication insurance. I have tried everyday from Sunday to get a copy of one save requesting one from the company itself. I was just hoping I could have faster feed back.
My Dr loves that I have this so much that she is recommending it to other migraine suffering patients!
easy to use
Makes it easy for me to track my triggers and my reliefs.
This is an excellent tool for me. I really like the fact that it records weather data, as that seems to be a big trigger where I live.
Really helpful app. It was really helpful to track down and see.
I really like this app, its easy to use and has lots of options to help figure out triggers and help me remember when I've taken medication (headaches make it hard to think straight sometimes). 👍🏼👍🏼
Has helped me determine what triggers my headaches. Easy to use.
So far very helpful and super easy to use. I will be sharing it with my doctor. It would be nice if the dosage section allowed the use of the / symbol for Rx's with multiple active ingredients.
It asks just enough information without being annoying
Has helped narrow down triggers and track symptoms.
Best migraine tracking app I have used
I use this often...my only suggestion is to have 0 pain scale for silent migraines, or describe a 1 as "headache,  not too painful, not sure it's a migraine"...
Only thing I wish were different is that I'd like to be able to track the pain progression. What the pain started at, peaks, did it get better at some point before getting worse, etc.
This is very helpful! My neurologist loved that it can track triggers, reliefs, medications, duration, etc. Makes tracking migraines so easy.
I love it. I have a horrible memory and reminds me to update my info
It would be a great feature if you didn't have to end a migraine, but, have the ability to continue on the next day to record new things. I have not been migraine free for almost 3 years but the intensity and symptoms  change hr by hr, day by day. Definitely still love to app! The app having the ability to change the intensity throughout the day & it having the ability to record the different intensity levels would make it 5 star..
So far, so good
So far, so good
Haven't used enough yet to know for sure but it's looking good so far
Good so far. Would be good to input on non migraine days. Might help to eliminate triggers etc
Really easy to use. Definitely helpful to track patterns.
Good so far. Easy and is helpful ng figure out my triggers
An app for us migraine sufferers has been long overdue.   This allows me to keep track of the important areas which affect my migraines.  Recording sleep snd weather absolutely crucial to planning for the future.
I love having an easy way to document my migraines. I hope I can share my reports with my doctor to help narrow down my triggers. I would like an option to enter foods last eaten before the onset of a migraine, even if it it food groups like dairy, sweets, carbs, etc. I think that would help determine if food is a trigger.
Helpful
It would be nice if there was a quick add widget for my home screen.
Been searching for an app since the developer of they last one I used recently stopped updating.  I love this one.  I especially love the sleep tracker.  The one thing I'd like is to be able to mark intensity throughout the time,  as well as medicines /remedies tried throughout the day w/times and whether they provided any relief.
I really like this app, very easy to use. I just wish it had an actual food diary built in!
So far seems easy to use and I like it got it to track my youngest child's  migraines but really wish it had an option for multiple profiles as I could  use it for me as well but I will just go find another app for myself
Lg. Icons help easily tap, scroll, Add, subtract and make it Personal to  your unique symptoms. Provides Great quick reporting for Treatment plans
I was hoping to try it out upon reading the article on yahoo news but an access code is required? It should be accessible more readily.
Very good app
I have been using this app for years and I love it. They keep striving to  make it better and succeeding. If you have migraines, of any type, you need  this app. Although if they could make a 'dark ' setting that would be  amazing.
It would be a great feature if you didn't have to end a migraine, but, have the ability to continue on the next day to record new things. I have not been migraine free for almost 3 years but the intensity and symptoms  change hr by hr, day by day. Definitely still love to app! The app having the ability to change the intensity throughout the day & it having the ability to record the different intensity levels would make it 5 star..
Very helpful recommended by my Neurologist to track triggers and time frame, better than my method. Recommend to others. Try it out for yourself.
Makes tracking migraines super easy
Finally a log to keep track of my migraines....with all the info at my fingertips.
Very helpful!
Good app as I'm rubbish at keeping a diary, it's a shame you have to reach 100 buddies, there are only 14 where I live :/
Good app to keep a track of your migraine!
It's interesting, great for keeping track of My Headaches and pain level to  inform my neurologist
Very helpful and comprehensive, excellent tool!
Really like this app for tracking my migraines, but it gets a 4 for 2 reasons. The primary reason is there is not a way to clear out an end time if I hit the link on accident. When you have blurry vision with a migraine, this happens very easily. The second is it would be nice to be able to confirm I have successfully added my doctor as well as be able to see if he has accessed my data. Both features would make the app that much more convenient when discussing issues with my doctor.
I get chronic migraines and tension headaches with chronic pain and stress.  This app has been a big help in keeping track of how often I'm getting them so I can update my doctor.  Before I was tracking them on paper and I'd always forget to write everything down.  This is easy, manageable and very helpful.  Well done
Keeps an eye on how many I have which is really helpful
This is a great app to help me track my migraines...  It's been so helpful.