Thank you Siobhan. The fifth stars would encourage our developers to work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Dear A.L. Thank you for your feedback. 3 stars is a very low rating, and therefore I understand that you are extremely unhappy. I would like to understand your concerns related to privacy, can you contact me on francois@healint.com? I am myself using it, with support to research activated. Francois Healint's CEO and co-founder 
Thanks lynette! Sorry to hear about your daughter's migraines.  We did a check, multi-user function is very challenging, until we finish developing it you may have changed for a new phone and given the old one to your daughter. If you have an ipad at home, the ipad version is coming. anything else we can do to get five stars from you?  
Thank you Colleen. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Corrie, thanks for your review! I hope you can contact me at jenny@healint.com so we can discuss how we can make it a 5-star app for you. We want to make our users happy ^^ Jenny
Dear Shay, we're glad you found the app complete for monitoring your migraines. ^^ As 4 stars are for apps with minor problems, would you be able to let me know what we can do to earn the missing star? Perfect reviews are really important in supporting the development of the app! I hope to hear from you soon at jenny@healint.com
Thank you for your support. You can add a pregnancy button in the daily tracker or directly in the trigger page. Hope this will be enough to grab the missing star :-) Jenny
Thank you Jodi, you can record any change during a migraine in the note section of the migraine record. This section also contain a timestamp to be more precise on when the change occurs. Jenny
Hi Cheryl, Thanks very much for your review! If you can send me an email at jenny@healint.com, I can look into the sleep diary issue for you right away. Often it is just about keeping the phone where there is less movement. We are glad you like the app and want to make it a 5 star one for you! I'll look forward to your email- Thanks! 
Thanks very much Carolyn! How can we earn the missing one star back? It would be great to hear your ideas! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Thanks Hannah! How can we make it a 5 star app for you?
Thanks for the review Sarah! Happy to hear the app is helping! We'd love to know how we can earn the missing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks :)
Hi Maria! Thank you for your feedback! You'll be happy to know that the app does not take up much space on your device as all data are stored in the server. Kindly send me an email at jenny@healint.com if you have further queries. =)
Thank you very much Sabrina! Glad the app is making it easier for you to track migraines. I see we missed one star in our rating- did you face any disappointments with the app? I'd love to know how we can earn that missing one star back- you can email me at jenny@healint.com! Your support and 5 stars will help us improve faster! :)
Thank you for your support. You can add a pregnancy button in the daily tracker or directly in the trigger page. Hope this will be enough to grab the missing star :-) Jenny
Thanks Tara ! It is great to read your feedback! If your records are for a doctor, just put the maximum pain level and let it be 1 migraine record, even over multiple days. You can take some notes too. But we are working on pain variation too, and we feed our team with stars (ˆ_ˆ) it's magic, the more stars, the faster we program new functions! 
Hi Clara, Thanks so much for your review! We are glad that Migraine Buddy has been able to help you. Thanks for your suggestion- currently we are reviewing how best to include this feature in the app. You can also view the progress of this idea here http://migrainebuddy.uservoice.com/forums/253148-leave-feedback . Wishing you well! 
Wow, thanks for making our day with this awesome review Alicia! We are so glad you like the app and it is helping you. Thanks for supporting us :)
Great to hear the app is helping! How can we improve to make it a 5 star one for you Melissa? 5 stars helps us improve faster and your support really encourages the team! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks a lot :)
Thank you. The fifth stars would encourage our developers to work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks so much Caitlyn! We are working on the pain variation feature and testing prototypes. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us go much faster! Thanks so much :)
Thank you Sharon! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? I'd love to hear your thoughts. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. 5 stars really helps us improve. Thank you :)
Thank you Cindy! I see we missed one star in the rating- did you miss something in the app or feel any disappointment? Your support and 5 stars would help us improve much faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks
Thank you Valerie. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers.:-) Jenny
Thanks for the update Key! Maybe can you contact me at jenny@healint.com. I would like to see if adjusting the usual sleep time would help and understand your specific case. Your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app faster! Thank you so much
Dear Maureen, if you would like to add new triggers, you could always use the "Add New" functionality at the bottom of the screen to customize your own triggers. If my suggestion helped, please help us by updating your review =) Else, do help me better understand your situation at jenny@healint.com so I can give better suggestions. Thank you!
Hi R, could you share what you think needs to be added to the app? You can send us an email at contact@healint.com- we would love to hear your feedback. Thanks so much.
Thanks Virginia! How can we improve to make the app a 5 star app for you?Do you have any feedback for us? Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars helps to improve the app faster!! Thanks :)
Dear Alison, Yes, you can simply go into the "sleep diary" and click "add or edit" and you can create another sleep period by clicking the +. If you wish to split a sleep period in 2, first reduce the initial sleep period, then create the new one. Contact me at Jenny@healint.com if needing more help. Jenny
Dear Kimberle, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what improvements you have in mind in order to make this app a 5 star experience for you? Your support is important to us! Please let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Katherine. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers! :-) Jenny
Glad to know that Migraine Buddy is convenient and helpful to you. Could you please kindly let us know how to earn the fifth star? 😊 Jenny
Thanks so much Dorothy! So glad the app is helping you. How can we earn the missing one star back? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Your feedback, support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! :)
Hi there, thanks so much for your feedback! For times during work, you can just press no and then delete that sleep time. We will work on improving this! You can email your reports to your self by going to the drop down menu and choosing Export. let me know if you have any questions: jenny@healint.com. thanks!
Hi Andy, thanks for your review! I'd love to hear what you had in mind regarding reminders. We are looking into some features like that and it would be great to get your feedback. You can email me at jenny@healint.com Thanks!
Thanks Leslie! We are working on including changes in pain intensity. For now, have you tried to record this information in the notes section? We will keep you updated!
Hi Katrina! You can indeed add them. In “attack type” press the "+" icon titled "Add new" and add whatever you want. You can specify the duration in minutes. Later, you can show it to your doctor. Please contact me at jenny@healint.com and let me know how I can further help you and earn the missing stars. Jenny
Hi Daphne, we removed the sleep graph due to feedback from many users about the difficulty in reading it. We moved your sleep timings in the Migraine calendar, so you can see how sleep relates to your migraines. You can email me at jenny@healint.com so we can further discuss this! 
Thank you Elizabeth. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks so much James! How can we improve Migraine Buddy to make it a 5 star app for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. I'd love to hear from you! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! 
Hi P.J, thanks for your feedback! Yes we are working on several different features to improve the app for you- many new updates have also arrived with the latest version. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve even faster! For your battery concern, please send me an email and I will help you out: jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Hi Benjamin, Thank you for your recomendation! We are launching a new update soon to increase the speed of launching and saving within the app. Please help us to update your review if you feel that the update has fixed the slowness for you.  If you have other suggestions for us, please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com
Hi Christopher. The sticky 'active sleep detection' notification during the time of the day/night that you set up for sleep detection. This is a compatibility requirement fro Android Oreo and Pie. It does not alter anything to the sleep detection quality and does not use more battery  power either. This notification cannot be removed. Jenny
Hi Sarah, Glad to know that Migraine Buddy is easy and helpful to you. Could you please contact us at jenny@healint.com to let us know how can we earn the last star? Jenny
Thank you Cindy, that's right! I also get those cases when I am not too sure if I sure record but in case of doubt would like to record as very small or non-painful. Just to be sure, is the removed star due to that? or due to a problem your faced? Francois
Thanks Sarah! Did you face problems? I see that you removed a star, which reduces our average rating.  Maybe do you wish to contact me at Jenny@healint.com to discuss how we can correct the problem you faced and generated disappointment? We want to provide a perfect product before adding more functions! Jenny@healint.com
Dear Positron, Thank you for your comment! happy to see that you like migraine buddy! Actually this screen will only show to women, or to users who did not yet fill in those information in the profil screen. We will add options for other cases soon. I hope it helps? is the only reason for the removed start? you can contact me at Jenny@healint.com
Hi Debra, thanks very much for your review! Please do come back and let us know what you think of the app- we'd love to get the one star back as 5 stars helps us to improve the app faster for you. Thanks :)
Thanks so much Heather! Glad you like the app so far! Do come back and give us further feedback as we'd love to know how to get the missing one star back! Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app even further!
Thank you! What about the fifth star then? :-) Jenny
Thanks Erica! Glad the app could help you! I'd love to hear how we can make it a 5 star app for you- 5 stars helps us improve even faster! Your support and feedback will be much appreciated. Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
Thank you Joanne,. We have plans to synchronize with other app but this needs time. Please bear with us while we are working on it. Jenny
Dear Patch, 2 stars is a very very very bad rating usually reserved for apps which are not working properly or not doing what was advertised.  Would you like to discuss about it to let me understand what's wrong? You can send me a quick e-mail to initiate the discussion, or maybe chat via our facebook page: http://m.me/migrainebuddy ? Jenny (^_~)
Thanks for your comment Kelley. We are working on this feature and you can follow and vote for it here: http://goo.gl/oQEt2v In the meantime, how else can we get the missing one star back from you? 5/5 stars really encourages to improve faster. Your support is invaluable to us!
Dear Jan, It is great to hear that the pre-set questions are helping you. (you can also skip some if you wish). And feel free to add more information in the Notes, I am sure you have more to record. You can see the coming function here: http://goo.gl/8psS1O Your requests requires more votes. I will send you some links to good period trackers.  
Thank you David. Please contact me directly at jenny@healint.com as there are ways to enter different types of migraines and record pain level changes during an attack. Hope this will me grab the missing star :-) Jenny
Thank you very much Laura. Is there anything I can help with to grab the missing star? :-) Jenny
Hi Summer,  We've updated app and it should have solved the speed problem for you. We're always improving the speed of the app as we too are frustrated by slow apps. Please help us by updating the missing star when the speed has improved for you! Thank you!
Thanks Brian! May we know how we can improve the app for you to get 5/5 stars?
Hi Lilian, Thanks so much for your review! Glad to hear you like the app! How can we improve it to make it a 5 star one for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com if you want to share some ideas- I'd love to hear from you :)
Dear Kira, thank you for your suggestion. To track blood pressure, you could add it in Triggers screen: less than 120 BP, 120-139 BP, 140-159 BP and more than 160 BP. This helps you see if your BP level has any relationship with your migraines. If this helps, do help us by updating your review. Do email me at jenny@healint.com if you need more help
Thanks Kalpana! How can we improve Migraine Buddy to make it a 5 star app for you? you can email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you!
Hi Catherine,  Great to know that Migraine Buddy has been useful for you. Would you be able to let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? 5 star reviews are important to support the development of new features for the app so please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you for your feedback Kyle. I would love to know the improvements you would like to see in the app. Feel free to contact me directly at Jenny@healint.com to share your suggestions. Jenny
Dear Judy, I am very sad to read this. You know you can simply contact us by writing an e-mail to support@healint.com We are here to help! Jenny
Thank you Diane. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Cheryl, thanks for your feedback. Every migraine or sleep entry you make can be modified at any time.Go to the migraine calendar and tap on the migraine you wish to modify. You will be taken to the summary page. Please email me for more questions about this as well as the sleep diary. I'd love to help you out. email: jenny@healint.com.Thanks!
Dear Eleonore, do you mind elaborating more on what you mean by "too specific"? Please do drop us an email at jenny@healint.com so I can pass on your feedback to a team.
Hi Elissa,thanks for your review! We are working on including a pain level tracker. This is a complex feature and we are working hard on testing it before implementing. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app! Thanks very much :)
Thanks very much Glenda! Glad to hear you like the app. is there a way we can improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com if you want to discuss faster! Thanks :)
Thank you Lorraine for the review, I would like to understand the source of the removed star. I want to be sure that we are doing things right! It would be great if you could contact me at Jenny@healint.com
Hi Sue,  Great to know you find our app useful for you! :-) Could you let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? A 5-star rating is necessary for us to stand out in the App Store in order to reach out and help more migrainers. If you have any suggestions, we would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com
Great to hear it is helping Cindy! Thanks so much for your support :)
Thank you!. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Claire, You can actually add as many triggers as you wish, remove, reorganize and search triggers most common to others too. I hope it helps and if so, it would be great to give the missing star back the star to our hard-working engineer to encourage them! Contact me if anything at Jenny@healint.com
Thank you Siobhan. The fifth stars would encourage our developers to work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you very much Mf! How can we earn the missing one star back? It would be great to hear your ideas! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Thanks very much for the review Claire! Glad to hear the app is helping you and your doctor as well. You can record headaches as well as migraines and show the information to your doctor. You can see this idea here: http://goo.gl/bQOxQf. Your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app faster. Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com for help!:)
Dear Brandi, Thank you for your comment. You are absolutely right, for Chronic migraines or very long periods of migraine this reminder is not pleasant. We have planned to include the option to deactivate this function in a coming release next month. thank you again! Francois  
Dear Jody, we're glad you found the app easy to use ^^ Did you encounter a problem with the app? 4 stars are for apps with minor problems. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi B. A., we wish you all the best in your treatment! If you have any suggestions on how we can improve on the app, feel free to discuss with me jenny@healint.com, I look forward to hearing from you :) - Jenny
Hi Amanda, Thanks for your review! I am so glad to hear you like the app and find it helpful. How can we improve it to make it a 5 star one for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com with your ideas :)
Thank you Niki. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for Migraine Sufferers. Jenny
Thanks so much for your review Tate! :) - Jenny
Dear Jody, we're glad you found the app easy to use ^^ Did you encounter a problem with the app? 4 stars are for apps with minor problems. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Samantha, Thanks for your feedback! We are working on improving the sleep diary and would love some more feedback from you. Could you send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further. Thanks!
Thanks Tara ! It is great to read your feedback! If your records are for a doctor, just put the maximum pain level and let it be 1 migraine record, even over multiple days. You can take some notes too. But we are working on pain variation too, and we feed our team with stars (ˆ_ˆ) it's magic, the more stars, the faster we program new functions! 
Hi Ashley!  Great to know you love the app! The team is looking into ways to improve the experience of the city buddy. You can add the time of medication in the notes section of the migraines. There's a time stamp option on the top right hand corner to help you quickly log the time. If you need more help, please contact us at jenny@healint.com :-)
Thanks Terri! Glad you like the app! It would be great to know how we can get the missing one star back. 5 stars helps us to improve the app faster and faster. Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you. Thanks :)
Dear Annemarie, This is great to read that you enjoy migraine buddy! Your suggestion is in our forum, you could vote for it and participate to the discussion: http://goo.gl/ZM784N You can see there how much was completed during the past months. By the way, the more stars the faster our developers. It would be great to get it back one day ;) Jenny
Hi Jaz, thanks for your review! How can we make the app a 5-star app for you? You can email me your suggestions jenny@healint.com and I would love to discuss with you ^^ - Jenny
Thank you Kate! Anything I can do to grab the missing star then? :-) Jenny
Thank you Jocelyn! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thank you so much Kendra! It would be great to know how we can improve the app to earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thank you Shauntrice. We are working on a better way to track mentruation cycles in the app. Meanwhile the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this FREE :-) app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you so much Ashley! Glad the app is helping you! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app you ? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thanks so much :)
Dear Joy, thank you for your feedback! Could you elaborate more on what you mean a better file extract option? Currently, it exports as a html file with your migraine record in table format. Are you hoping for an excel download or something else? Please let me know more at jenny@healint.com.
Thanks so much Jamie! This is great to hear that the app has helped so much/ I see we missed one star in the rating- I'd love to hear how we can improve for you to make it a 5 star app. You can email me at jenny@healint.com with your thoughts. Thanks a lot!
Hi Tequila, thanks for your review! A shortcut to record a migraine would surely be useful - at the moment, if you want to record quickly, you can use the Bother Me Later button! If you would like to discuss with me further, drop me an email at jenny@healint.com and I will be happy to help :) Jenny
Thanks Malgorzata! We are glad you like the app! However we seem to have been one star short of 5 stars- we'd love to know how we can improve for you to make it a 5 star app. you can email us at contact@healint.com
great to hear the app is helping you Dorothy! Thanks so much :)
Thank you Julya! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com to discuss :)
Hi there, I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks so much A! We are so glad you like the app and that it is helping you and your doctor as well. May we know how we can improve to make it a 5 star app for you? We would love your feedback.
Thank you Lisa! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Dawn,  The app relies on the phone's sensors for sleep detection. You could try placing the phone closer to you when you sleep to get more accurate sleep times. In addition, you can go to "Settings" and scroll to "Sleep Settings" and input your usual sleep time so the app can guess better. Please help us by updating the review if these helped!
Thanks so much Betsy! Glad you are liking the app!
Hi Chandra,  Thank you for your suggestion. A medication tracker is definitely one of the ideas that we will look into in the future. Right now, we are prioritizing the development of other more urgently requested feature e.g. tracking pain intensity. If you have any other suggestions, please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com
Hi Michele, thanks for the review! We are actually looking into your suggestions of removing and adding categories. You can find the idea here and vote for it: http://goo.gl/DEZyN0 We work very hard to improve the app based on user feedback. 5 stars from our users and helps us improve faster! Would love to see 5 stars from you too! :) 
Thank you Kianna! We are glad you like the app! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you for your support. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com i'll be happy to give you assistance regarding the sleep detection. Jenny
Dear Jaclyn, as promised, update on the weather feature: The service is back up and running globally and should be working fine on your device. Please check and let me know at jenny@healint.com if there is any issue. If you are fully satisfied, I guess our technical team would be delighted to grab a fifth star ;) Kind regards, Jenny
Hi Jen, thanks for your review! We are looking on removing unwanted items and will keep you updated on this. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app faster! Thanks :)
Hi Sarah, thanks for the review! You can always start a migraine on the app when you feel it coming on, tap bother me later and fill it out later. That way you will be reminded you have a migraine running. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us to improve much faster! Thanks :)
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Madison. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you for your feedback Linda! But based on your note it seems that there is something in the app that you don't like. Could you please send me an email at jenny@healint.com? We could discuss deeper about it and find a solution! It could help to improve the app! Otherwise, if everything is fine, you can also update your note! :-) Thank a lot!
Thank you Heidi. Doctors do not recommend to have such 1shot button as this will prevent users from recording any changes that might make the difference in term of diagnostic and treatment. Jenny
Thank you. You can remove the med reminder by hitting the circle arrow on the top right corner of the medication reminder page. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Kandace, thanks for your great suggestions! We are currently working on many improvements from user feedback, and we will be sure to add your considerations to the list - at the moment, you can turn on notifications for the app to alert you regarding migraines. If you need assistance, feel free to email me! jenny@healint.com :) Jenny
Dear Ken, yes, the e-mail listing export is a "sure bet", simple and accepted by every doctor. Feel free to contact me Francois(at)healint.com to discuss reports! NB: We do prioritise based on votes in the forum (link [feedback] in the app or here: http://goo.gl/8psS1O). Else we would be developing only for people removing stars (ˆ_ˆ)  
Hi Tequila, thanks for your review! A shortcut to record a migraine would surely be useful - at the moment, if you want to record quickly, you can use the Bother Me Later button! If you would like to discuss with me further, drop me an email at jenny@healint.com and I will be happy to help :) Jenny
Hi Bevan, we are working on  weather tracking and you should be able to see it soon!
Hi, this kind of issue is usually linked to an Android power saving feature that suggests "sleeping" active apps. Please follow this tutorial: https://youtu.be/k-hf8MyBnbE It will hopefully solve the issue and help me grab the missing star :-) Jenny
Thank you Jennine. You can add as medication as you wish to in the app. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance. Jenny
THanks very much Fabienne!
Hi Diana, Supporting users to track changes in triggers for longer migraines is something which the team is still working on. For now, I would recommend using the "My Notes" section as a place for you to log the changes in pain level, weather, medication etc. If you need further assistance, please let us know at jenny@healint.com
Thank you for the great comment! It would be great to have a chat to know what made you remove a star? Were you disappointed? did you face an unexpected problem?
Hi Lisa, we are working on a prototype at the moment for pain increase and decrease! let me know if you would like to help test! In the mean time,  your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
Hi, this kind of issue is usually linked to an Android power saving feature that suggests "sleeping" active apps. Please follow this tutorial: https://youtu.be/k-hf8MyBnbE It will hopefully solve the issue and help me grab the missing star :-) Jenny
Thank Carri for this feedback! But based on your note it seems that there is something in the app that you don't like. Could you please send me an email at jenny@healint.com? We could discuss deeper about it and find a solution! It could help to improve the app! Otherwise, if everything is fine, you can also update your note! :-) Thank a lot!
Hi Janis, Thanks for your review! Do let us know how we can improve the app and refine it further for you. You can share your comments with me at jenny@healint.com. We'd love to win that missing star back!
Hi Kristoffer, We'd love to hear more about your comment. Which prompts would you want to remove? Please send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further. We look forward to your feedback.
Hi Kim, thanks so much for your review! We are glad you find the app useful. If you have any suggestions on what we can do to make the app worthy of 5 stars, drop me an email at jenny@healint.com. :) - Jenny
We're glad to hear that the app helped you to track and see patterns in your migraines. Could you let me know what you mean by "more management"? The missing star means a lot to the team. Do let me know what we can do/change to earn the missing star at jenny@healint.com. =) Thank you!
Thank you for your kind words Aleisha. The app doesn't support the picture format yet. A fifth star would encourage our team of developers who are working hard to make this app as accurate as possible for users. :-)Jenny
Thanks for your feedback Christine. It would be great to know how we can improve the app for you. You can go through some suggestions by other Migraine Buddy users and post your own here: http://goo.gl/hXYXuX . We work hard on updating the app based on feedback from this forum. Your feedback will surely help us improve faster!
Dear Jody, we're glad you found the app easy to use ^^ Did you encounter a problem with the app? 4 stars are for apps with minor problems. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks so much Tracy!
Great! How can I help you to grab the missing star back? :-) Jenny
Thank you Maria. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Christina. Our goal is to deliver a 5* service to our users. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back. :-) Jenny
Thanks JAe! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one? feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you!
Thanks Syikin! I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com with your ideas! I'd love to hear your thoughts :)
Thank you very much Susan!
Thank you Kerry! Glad you are liking the app and it is helping you! We are working on a testing prototypes for changes in pain intensity. If you want ot know more, please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster! Thank you :)
Thank you Amy, The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Mary, you can easily export your report by going to the drop down menu and choosing export. You can then email the report to your self or your doctor. Please email us at contact@healint.com if you need any help with this. Thanks for your review :)
Hi Chely, if you would like to discuss the issues that you have about the sleep tracker, please email me jenny@healint.com, I can help you out! :) - Jenny
Thanks Hayley. You can email me at jenny@healint.com to let me know what tweaks you think must be made. We'd love to know how we can earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thank you :)
Thanks Latisha! We'd love to hear how we can make this a 5 star app for you! Please email us at contact@healint.com- we look forward to your feedback!
Thanks so much Suzanne! It would be great to know how we can earn th emissing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! I would love to hear from yoU! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Hi Christine, Thanks for giving Migraine Buddy a chance! We hope the app has been of use to you so far. (^^) Could I check what we can earn back the missing star? A 4 star review indicates minor problems with the app and we would really want to perfect our app to 5 stars. I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com
Thank you. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you! You can get back your sleep record by folllowing the steps shown in this video https://youtu.be/WbvaSj1tjZk . The samsung bug can be fixed  by following those steps https://youtu.be/k-hf8MyBnbE Hope these will help me grab the missing star :-) Jenny
Hi Arron,  Thank you for taking the time to let us know you like our app :-) Could you let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? We need it to stand out in the App Store so that we can reach out and help more migrainers. If you have any suggestions, we would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com
Hi Amy! I'm so glad to hear that it is helpful for you in your treatment. If there's anything we can do to make it a 5-star app for you, let me know via email at jenny@healint.com, I'd love to hear from you :) thanks so much for your review, the team really appreciates it. Jenny
Hi Amy, I'm glad you find the app great! You can create a new account on a separate device. That way, you can track both your son's and your migraines at the same time. I hope my suggestion helps. Let me know if you require further assistance at jenny@healint.com. I'll be happy to assist you further! =)
Thanks for recommending the app Cate! Your support is much appreciated :)
Thanks Heloise! How can we improve for you? please to email us at contact@healint.com-we'd love to hear more!
Thank you Samuel. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Kianna! We are glad you like the app! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Todd, you can use the attack type section to track some postdrome and aura. You can even customize this section and add a "migraine with aura" or Migraine with postdrome"attack that you can comment in the note section of the migraine record. You can also filter your report by attack type then. Hope this helps.Jenny
Hi Elaine, we are working on some variations of the app icon, if there is good response from it we will change to a new one! Thanks so much for your suggestion :) - Jenny
Hi Christine, thanks for your review! Glad to hear the app is helping you. How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve much faster!
Dear Basia,   We're still in the middle of working on a design for showing users their sleep regularity. Once it is released and if our design is helpful for you, please help us by update this to a 5-star review. Earning the missing 1 star is important to us. ^^ If you have more suggestions, please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com
Thank you Emily. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Jo, you can track change in the note section of the migraine record. In the same place you also use the timestamp button on the top right corner to better manage your meds efficiency. Hope this will help you better track your migraines and hope it is enough to grab the missing star :-). Jenny
Thank you for your feedback Louise. Please contact me at Jenny@healint.com and i will assist you fix the sleep detection settings.It might be due to an issue with Samsung device at the moment. Hopefully I will get the 5th star then :-) Jenny
Thank you Skyler for your review! Do remember to help us update this review once you have identified your triggers ^^ If you ever need help or if you have suggestions for us on how to improve the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks very much Hunny :) A fifth star would actually encourage our developers very much in keeping up with the hard work of improving the app further :) Jenny
Hi Shonda, There is a notes section for each migraine which you can find in the summary as well as a daily notes section which you can find in the sleep section of my records. You can easily remove and add triggers as you wish. Just hold down the delete button for removing and add new for adding. Hope that will earn the missing star back! THanks :)
Thanks CJ! Glad you like the app! I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?? You can email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you! Thanks!
Thank you for your feedback. Do you also use the timestamp feature in the note section? it will make the information more visible in the doctor's report.  The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Thank you Danielle. In fact you can track prodrome and postdrome separately or along with another attack. You can also track migraines changes in the note section of your migraine record. This section also has a timestamp to better track all changes. Hope this will help enough to grab the fifth star :-) Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com
Hi Helen! Thank you for your ratings. I'm glad you found the app helpful. If you have any suggestions how we can make the app better, please share with me at jenny@healint.com! =D
Hi Merna, how can we improve the app for you to make it a 5 star one? Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve much faster! Thanks
Thanks Allison! Glad you like the app! It would be great to know how we can get the missing star back? Did you face any disappointment with the app? Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com and I'd love to hear your views. Your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app faster and faster! Thanks :)
Hi Alexandra, thanks for your detailed review! We'd love to provide widgets - we'll look into it and if it 's high enough priority we might make it happen. We really appreciate your support - we hope we are able to earn that one star back in future ;) Jenny
Dear Janne, Thank you for your feedback! Can you contact me at Francois@healint.com?  I have migraines myself, but I would like to understand what needs to be adjusted to record headaches too? (sometimes I record light headaches... becoming migraines).  it would be great to hear from you! Franocis
Thank you Pearl for this feedback! But based on your note it seems that there is something in the app that you don't like, is it right? :-) If yes, could you please contact me at jenny@healint.com? We could discuss deeper about it and find a solution! Otherwise, if everything is fine, you can also update your note! :-) Thank a lot!
Thank you Niki. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for Migraine Sufferers. Jenny
Hi Deb, Thanks for your review!! How can we improve it to make the app a 5 star one for you? feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com.I'd love to hear from you!
Hi Terri, thanks for your review and suggestion! You can easily skip the screens which don't apply to you- you can confirm a migraine without making an entry on each and every scree. Is that what you had in mind? Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to discuss further with you! THanks!
Thanks for your feedback and suggestions Leslie! We are so glad to hear that Migraine Buddy has been able to help you through your migraines. We will keep you suggestions in mind for further updates. Wishing you well, Saulat
Thank you Amy, The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Dear Jessa, Happy to see that you enjoy Migraine Buddy and that it helps you! To avoid from forgetting, just start a migraine, and click "bother me later". This takes less than 10 seconds, the app will remind you later. I hope it helps. I see a removed star. Is it due to a problem faced in the app? We are continuously working at improving it. Jenny
Thanks Rosa! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Chandra,  Thank you for your suggestion. A medication tracker is definitely one of the ideas that we will look into in the future. Right now, we are prioritizing the development of other more urgently requested feature e.g. tracking pain intensity. If you have any other suggestions, please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com
Hi Katrina! You can indeed add them. In “attack type” press the "+" icon titled "Add new" and add whatever you want. You can specify the duration in minutes. Later, you can show it to your doctor. Please contact me at jenny@healint.com and let me know how I can further help you and earn the missing stars. Jenny
Thank you Karaiko. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions or assistance. I'd be glad to assist you enough to grab the fifth star :-). Jenny
Thanks Brittany. The fifth star would encourage our developers even more in keeping up with the hard work and improve the app for everyone. Jenny
Hi Danni,Thanks for your feedback! Yes you are right! We are looking into improving the Buddy function at the moment. We would love to hear your thoughts on it- can you email me at jenny@healint.com for further discussion. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars wil help us go much faster. Thank you for the support :)
Thanks Arun- we are very grateful for your support! We exchange regularly with users and this feedback helps us to continually improve the app. We are glad the sleep diary is working well for you and we are happy to see that it is a popular feature amongst several users.Take care and we hope we can keep in touch with you in the future as well! 
Hi Gemma Louise! Thank you for sharing this with us. Thanks to users comments and suggestions like this, we are constantly  improving the application to make users experience better and better. Please feel free to share other suggestions with me at Jenny@healint.com! Jenny
Thanks so much Dawna! How can we improve to make the app a 5 star app for you?? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Hi Heidi, thanks for your review. We are working on changing pain level intensity at the moment. If you would like to know more, please email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve even faster. Thanks!
Thank you for your feedback Michelle. Our goal is to deliver a 5* service to our users so feel free to come back to me directly at Jenny@healint.com if you want to discuss further on your suggestion to improve the app and grab back the missing star :-) Jenny
Thank you. The fifth stars would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you Sara. You can always use the note section with its time stamp to record any changes during a migraine. Meanwhile the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks for the review and suggestions audrey! We are looking into including the evolution of migraine in the app and would love your feedback on it. Could you send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss more? Thanks so much!
Dear Corinne, this request may take time, I just checked and we have 59 other improvements with more votes in the forum. (leave feedback button in the app, then suggestion). for now, may I suggest you to write "@Stomach" in the Note section of your migraines with stomach pain?  It will be visible on your exports for your doctors.  
Dear Bonnie, Thank you for taking the time to write this comment. the button feedback in the app gives you access to the place for suggestions (http://goo.gl/8psS1O) and no worry, your requests are already high on the list. A 5/5 here would not make become lazy (*^_^*) actually, the higher the average rating the more motivated we are.
Thank you for your kind words. Our goal is to deliver a 5* service to our users. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Ian, Thanks for your review and for recommending the app! I would love to hear how we can tweak it to make it a 5 star app for you- you can email me at jenny@healint.com. thank you! :)
Thanks Shelley! Glad you like the app- can we improve it in anyway to earn the missing one star? Your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! Thanks :)
Thank you Cindy! I see we missed one star in the rating- did you miss something in the app or feel any disappointment? Your support and 5 stars would help us improve much faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks
Thank you! You can use the dairy tracker to track any food you think might trigger your migraines. Feel free to contact me directly at jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance with the app. Jenny
Dear Milena, Can you contact me at Jenny@healint.com? I will help you with that!!! I am sure we can solve the problem very fast. Cheers, Jenny
Dear Liz, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what we can do to make the app a 5 star experience for you? Your support is important to us! Please let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks so much Glenda! I see we missed one star- how can we improve for you? We'd love to hear your thoughts on how we can make it a 5 star app for you. You can email me at jenny@healint.com to discuss more! Thanks!
Hi Deb, Thanks for your review!! How can we improve it to make the app a 5 star one for you? feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com.I'd love to hear from you!
Thanks very much Laced. Glad to hear your like the app especially the sleep feature- you are right, recording broken sleep is important and we are working on improving the sleep diary! You can easily add weather is a trigger by tapping add new on the trigger screen. 
Thank you Tracy. Is there anything i can do to grab the missing star back ? :-) Jenny
Thanks for the review and suggestion!! We'd love to hear more- can you send us an email at contact@healint.com? In the meantime, how else can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Dear Aemery, do help us by updating this review when you feel more comfortable with the app. Do let us know as well at jenny@healint.com if you've faced bugs in the app as 4 stars are usually reserved for apps with minor bugs. Please let me know so I can get the team to look into it and prevent the same thing from happening with other users. :)
Thank you Shannon. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you Emily. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
We're glad you love the app so far Isabel ^^. I've noticed you've rated us 4 stars which indicate minor problems with the app. May I know what we can do to we can earn the missing star and make the app even more helpful for you? Please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Prakirti, The first two ideas can be found here: http://goo.gl/cSfIyn we would like to know more about how you would want to track the changes in intensity. After V.8.4, the email export should be working fine- we will look into it for you from our end! Anything else we can do to get 5/5 stars? 5 stars encourages us to keep improving faster!
Thanks for your feedback Kelly! Yes, adding more symptoms and triggers is something we have planned for future updates to the app. You can follow the progress here: http://goo.gl/zKiI7Y. Tracking pain evolution is a complex function and we are looking into it at the moment. It would be great if we cant talk further about this! jenny@healint.com
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Dear Positron, Thank you for your comment! happy to see that you like migraine buddy! Actually this screen will only show to women, or to users who did not yet fill in those information in the profil screen. We will add options for other cases soon. I hope it helps? is the only reason for the removed start? you can contact me at Jenny@healint.com
Hi Joy! We are glad you like the app! How can we improve it to make it a 5 star one for you?  Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks :)
Hi there, thanks for your review! Regarding the weekends/weekdays in the reports, there is no way to change this unfortunately! It is something we can consider changing for our international users.   Has the app been useful for you since? You can try our latest version 1671 and let me know what you think! jenny@healint.com  Jenny
Thank you Tanya! Glad to hear you like the app. I'd love to know how we can earn the missing on star back - 5 stars is very helpful in improving the app faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com! Thanks :)
Thanks for the review leslie! Great to hear the app is helping you! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back- you can email me at jenny@healint.com to share feedback! Your support and 5 stars will help us to improve the app much faster. Thank you!! :)
Dear Navneet, common food triggers are already listed in the triggers section and the Daily Tracker tab. Is there something which you think we have missed? Please let me know at jenny@healint.com. I'll be happy to discuss this further ^^
Hi Sandra, I'm glad you like certain features! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars, which usually indicates minor errors. Are you facing an issue at the moment? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! =)
Hi Jenni, Glad to hear you like Migraine Buddy! We are looking into tracking pain level changes through out the day. Would you like to help us test it out? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars helps us to improve and make new features much faster! Thanks :)
Thanks so much Lisa!
Hi Cherry, sorry to hear that. Best would be to contact me directly at jenny@healint.com with your suggestions to improve the app design. On the other hand 5* would encourage and support our team who already created "a very good app". :-)  Looking forward to hearing from you.  Jenny
We hope too Stacy! feel free to reach out to me if needing help: Jenny@healint.com It would be great to see this removed star come back too (ˆ_ˆ) it helps us in improving faster, and there is so much more we want to do and improve. Jenny
Kimberly, thanks so much ! We are working on including weather tracking for Migraine Buddy- we will keep you updated on this. It would be great to know if this is the only reason to remove 1 star from the rating- are there any other ways we can improve for you to make it a 5 star app? You can email me at jenny@healint.com with your thoughts!
Hi Dawn, we are looking into your suggestion! Would you like to give us some more feedback on what you would like to see? send us an email at contact@healint.com
Thank you Niki. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for Migraine Sufferers. Jenny
Hi Jen, Thanks so much for your review, we're glad you find the features user-friendly! Do you have suggestions on how we can improve to earn that one more star? Email me at jenny@healint.com and we can discuss :)  Jenny
Hi Nikcy, Thanks so much for your review! Sorry to hear about your son's migraines. You can for now record his pain location in the notes section which can be found in the summary screen. We are also looking into a daily tracker for medication. I'd love to hear your thoughts on it. Email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!!
Hi Vanessa, thanks for your comment. The new sleep notes section can help you record your food intake.You can record it in the "Today's Notes" outside of a migraine. You can email me at jenny@healint.com to discuss further. 3 stars usually indicates serious issues with the app so I'd love to know how we can get those missing 2 stars back. Thanks:)
Thanks very much Amanda! Glad you like the app! How can we improve it to make it a 5 star one? 5 stars really helps us to improve the app much faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks for the support!
Welcome to the Migraine Buddy community. Do not hesitate to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance with the app. Also the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
[Edit: We are adjusting the date picker]  We'll look into getting it changed because we too feel that the interaction could be improved. Do help us by updating this rating whenever you feel comfortable! Perfect ratings would help us to go much faster. If you have more suggestions, you can email me at jenny@healint.com
Thank you Tammy. What can i do to grab the fifth star ? :-) Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Luis, we are so glad that we can help get your migraines under control through the app. However, I see we missed one star in the rating- is there anyway we can improve the app? 5 stars helps us to improve faster and it would be great to know how we can get the one star back.Thank you!
Glad you like the app Chantel! I see we missed one star in the rating. How can we improve Migraine Buddy to make it a 5 star app for you? Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com with your ideas :)
Thank you very much Jody! How can we earn the missing one star back? It would be great to hear your ideas! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Thanks Sarah, that feature is most requested here: http://goo.gl/XcIJM7 and we are looking into it. For now, maybe you can try using the notes section? We will keep you updated on this idea!
Dear Jocbaker, good point! If you are a man, you can go in the settings and set your gender as male. It will then stop asking this question.  We should definitely make that more obvious, and add the other cases. I hope it helped. if you like the app, do not forget that 5 stars is speeding us up. Thank you! Jenny
Thank you Christina. Our goal is to deliver a 5* service to our users. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back. :-) Jenny
Thanks Joyce! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one?
Thank you Tammy. What can i do to grab the fifth star ? :-) Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our hardworking developers to make this free app the perfect tool for  migraines sufferers. Jenny
Thank you William, the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thanks Mercedes! We are working on adjusting the pain levels during a migraine. You can email me at jenny@healint.com to learn more. You can export your listing by going to the top left hand corner of your homescreen and selecting Export. You can email the reports to yourself then print! Email me if you need help :) thanks
Muchas gracias por tu comentario. Nuestros desarrolladores trabajan duro para mantener los 9 idiomas disponibles. Que idioma echas de menos? No te puedo contactar directamente en Google Play, por favor mándame un mensaje a jenny@healint.com Jenny :)
Thanks for your review Lathelma! Could you let us know how we can make it a 5 star app for you? You can drop me an email at jenny@healint.com with your suggestions. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Have a nice day :)
Thank you for your comment Rachel. We are working on improving the chats at the moment. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you Lisa for the feedback! The final star will really motivate our team to continue working hard to provide migraine sufferers the best services, we would love to know how we can earn it! Please contact us at jenny@healint.com :) Jenny
Hi Katie, many users record headaches the same way as migraines. And less severe headaches can be recorded as low pain intensity. If you need further assistance or elaborate on your feedback, email me: jenny@healint.com Thanks so much for your review! :) - Jenny
Hi Philip, thanks for your review! We are glad the app is helpful for you. Do you have any feedback or suggestions on how we can make it a 5-star app for you? Feel free to email me and we can discuss! jenny@healint.com
Thank you for the review, Mary! We're glad you've found the app useful to track symptoms/treatments so far. Please reach out to us at jenny@healint.com and we'd be glad to answer any questions you might have regarding the reports and hopefully earn that 5th star :)
Thank you for your feedback Cathy. Feel free to contact me again at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app and hopefully help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks Adrian! How can we improve it to get the missing one star back? I'd love to hear your ideas- my email is jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster and also encourages our team. Thank you :)
Thanks so much Angella! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thanks for your review, Jo! If you have suggestions on how we can improve on the app to make it 5-stars, please email me at jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Hi Kerri, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars, which usually indicates minor errors. Are you facing an issue at the moment? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! =)
Thank you Stéphanie, our goal is to deliver a 5* experience to our users so feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for any suggestions that will improve the app and help us grab the missing star back. ;-) Jenny
Thank you for your support. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks for the update Key! Maybe can you contact me at jenny@healint.com. I would like to see if adjusting the usual sleep time would help and understand your specific case. Your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app faster! Thank you so much
Thanks so much Priyanka!  Glad to hear the app is helping you. It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star- 5 stars really helps us to improve faster. I'd love to hear from you. you can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thanks Erica! Glad the app could help you! I'd love to hear how we can make it a 5 star app for you- 5 stars helps us improve even faster! Your support and feedback will be much appreciated. Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
Dear JoAnna,  Yes you can do that! You could track the food groups in "My Triggers" section. It is in the bottom left corner of the home screen. It functions as a daily tracker of the things that happen to you. You can add new items to track. Once you tracked it in "My Triggers", food you've eaten before the onset of a migraine will be highlighted
Thank you Catherine. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thanks Victoria :) A fifth star would encourage our developers even more :) Jenny
Thank you. The fifth stars would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Alisha, have you been able to detect patterns in your migraines? We hope you were able to manage them better after prolonged use of the app. :) - Jenny
Thanks so much Bethany!
Hi there, thanks so much for your review! We hope you find the app helpful. Do you have any ideas how we can make it a 5-star app for you? Drop me an email at jenny@healint.com and we can discuss further :) Jenny
Thanks Courtney! The app offers a comprehensive view of your migraines so everything you record can be conveyed accurately. You can make use of the 'bother me later' button if you want to skip them :)  Regarding tracking of pain variation, you can mention these in the notes section, there's a useful timestamp feature. Hope this helps! - Jenny
Thanks so much for your support Cindy!
Thank you Lucila.The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Thank you for your support. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you Samuel! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thanks so much Victoria!
Hi Alivia, thanks for your review! We are looking into including a function to track pain intensity changes during a migraine. It would be great to get your feedback on it- could you send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further? We look forward to hearing from you! thanks!
Thank you for your support Shanni. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers.:-) Jenny
Hi Zachariah, the best way to track this as a potential trigger in Migraine Buddy is to add a button in your daily tracker list as "missed adhd medication". Hope this will help enough to grab the 5th star :-) Jenny
Dear Manuela, we're glad you found the app easy to use. Did you encounter any bugs with the app? 4 stars reviews are usually indicate minor bugs with the app. If you've faced any issues in the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it for you. Thank you!
Hi Kelly. Thank you for your support. Have you tried the timestamp button on the top right corner of the note section? It will help you record exactly when the pain intensity has changed and also when you took a medicine. This button helps a lot in tracking long lasting migraines. Jenny
Thanks so much Kayla! I see we missed one star in the rating and would love to know how we can earn it back. Was there any disappointment you faced? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Support from you and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster!
Thank so much for your review Emma! I am glad to hear the app can help you and hopefully will help your doctor's appointment as well. However I see one star missing in the rating? Do you feel the app can be improved in some way? I'd love to hear your thoughts as 5 stars really helps us improve faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Hi Aimee, thanks very much for your review!Could you send me an email about the sleep diary at jenny@healint.com? I will help you out right away. Usually, it will be about making a few adjustments which can help the diary work more accurately! In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us to improve the app much faster! Thank you :)
Thanks Sharon! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! 
Thanks Amy! Do let us know how we can get the missing star back- we'd love to hear how we can improve the app for you ( contact@healint.com)
Thanks JAe! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one? feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you!
Thanks for updating your review, Cyndi! Your support means so much to the team! Do you have further suggestions on how we can make it a 5-star app for you? jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi there, we're glad the app helped you! ^^ Did you encounter a problem with the app? 4 stars are for apps with minor problems. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Dear Monica, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what we can do to make the app a 5 star experience for you? Your support is important to us, [lease let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Dear Ken, yes, the e-mail listing export is a "sure bet", simple and accepted by every doctor. Feel free to contact me Francois(at)healint.com to discuss reports! NB: We do prioritise based on votes in the forum (link [feedback] in the app or here: http://goo.gl/8psS1O). Else we would be developing only for people removing stars (ˆ_ˆ)  
Thanks so much Tracy!
Glad the app can help with making migraine tracking easier for you! You can now use the new notes section in the sleep diary to record details outside of a migraine ( not just for sleep). Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster. Thank you :)
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you so much  Kieth! it would be great to know how we can improve for you to make Migraine Buddy a 5 star app for you. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. I look forward to your ideas! Thanks :)
Thank you Heidi. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Kim, Thanks for your feedback and suggestions! Please visit http://migrainebuddy.uservoice.com/ to share your ideas with us and to vote for ideas that appeal most to you! We look forward to hearing from you, Kind Regards, Saulat
Thanks Courtney! The app offers a comprehensive view of your migraines so everything you record can be conveyed accurately. You can make use of the 'bother me later' button if you want to skip them :)  Regarding tracking of pain variation, you can mention these in the notes section, there's a useful timestamp feature. Hope this helps! - Jenny
Thank you Melissa! Glad you found Migraine Buddy useful in finding triggers. How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you??
Thank you Viviana. Let me know how i can help you so that i can grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you. You can add your meals in the sleep notes or suspected trigger food in the daily tracker. Please contact me at Jenny@healint.com for assistance. The fifth stars would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Malorie, Thanks for the review. How can we improve the symptom check? At the moment, you can add your own triggers- as many as you like. You can email me at jenny@healint.com and discuss further.
Hi Joe, you can do this from with the stopwatch in the medication screen. Also you can timestamp the medication in the note section of the migraine record. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny Jenny@healint.com
Hi Sarah! Many of our users use the app for headaches too, you can differentiate them from migraine records by adding a note on the summaries page. If you need more help, you can email me jenny@healint.com Thanks for your review! :) - Jenny
Thank you for your support Xavior! Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back :-). Jenny
Glad the app can help with making migraine tracking easier for you! You can now use the new notes section in the sleep diary to record details outside of a migraine ( not just for sleep). Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster. Thank you :)
Dear Jenn, could you let me know what issues you've faced so I can help? 4 stars reviews are usually for apps with minor bugs. Let me know again at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it and troubleshoot for you. Thank you!
Hi Jim,after the new update, all you need to do is keep the app open for a while as it is backing up data. After this is done, the app will work at the same speed as it did before. Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com at any time for help! thanks for your inconvenience!
Thanks Ron for your comment. Please note that it takes some time and some data input before Reports can provide workable output. What do you think we can do to grab a fifth star? Happy to read your comments at jenny@healint.com Kind regards, Jenny :)
Wow, thanks so much for making our day with this lovely review Adrienne! You made our day! We are sorry to hear about your illness and wish you many pain- free days ahead!
Hi Lauren, Thank you for your review. Could you let us know what we can improve on to earn the last star? 5 star reviews would mean a lot to us in supporting the development of the app. Free feel to drop us a note at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Dear Ken, yes, the e-mail listing export is a "sure bet", simple and accepted by every doctor. Feel free to contact me Francois(at)healint.com to discuss reports! NB: We do prioritise based on votes in the forum (link [feedback] in the app or here: http://goo.gl/8psS1O). Else we would be developing only for people removing stars (ˆ_ˆ)  
Hi Dawn, we are looking into your suggestion! Would you like to give us some more feedback on what you would like to see? send us an email at contact@healint.com
Thanks lynette! Sorry to hear about your daughter's migraines.  We did a check, multi-user function is very challenging, until we finish developing it you may have changed for a new phone and given the old one to your daughter. If you have an ipad at home, the ipad version is coming. anything else we can do to get five stars from you?  
Dear Tracey, 4 stars usually indicate small problems =( Could you help us understand what is the problem so we can try to fix it for you? Perfect reviews will help us move much faster in developing new features for the app. I hope to hear back from you at jenny@healint.com
Thanks so much Glenda! I see we missed one star- how can we improve for you? We'd love to hear your thoughts on how we can make it a 5 star app for you. You can email me at jenny@healint.com to discuss more! Thanks!
Thank you Paula. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thanks Tara ! It is great to read your feedback! If your records are for a doctor, just put the maximum pain level and let it be 1 migraine record, even over multiple days. You can take some notes too. But we are working on pain variation too, and we feed our team with stars (ˆ_ˆ) it's magic, the more stars, the faster we program new functions! 
Thank you for your support Diane. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Nicole! You'll be happy to know that many users like you did highlight that. We're still trying to find the right balance to incorporate Fitbit with Migraine Buddy. If you have more suggestions how we can improve, do let me know at jenny@yhealint.com! =D
Hi Kimberly, Great to know that you found our app helpful to you. May I ask how we can improve so we can get the last star? 5 stars ratings means a lot to us and will help a lot in supporting the development of the app. :) If you have any thoughts or suggestions, please let us know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Nicola! Could you let us know what we can do to make this a 5 star experience? 4 stars usually indicate minor problems with the app =(  Perfect reviews are important to support the app and help us improve the app much faster. Please let us know what we can do at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
great to hear the app is helping you Dorothy! Thanks so much :)
Thank you Pel. We try to constantly improve the app features and look. Feel free to send me some suggestions at Jenny@healint.com  This will hopefully help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Dear Corinne, this request may take time, I just checked and we have 59 other improvements with more votes in the forum. (leave feedback button in the app, then suggestion). for now, may I suggest you to write "@Stomach" in the Note section of your migraines with stomach pain?  It will be visible on your exports for your doctors.  
Thanks so much Roberta! We would love to know how we can make is 5 star app for you! 
Thank you Shlemyith! Glad to see that you like it already. But I see that you did put 3/5 rating. This is a very low rating usually associated with apps having major bugs. Do you face a problem? You can contact me at Jenny@healin.com to talk about it (ˆ_ˆ)
Hi Sarah, Glad to know that Migraine Buddy is easy and helpful to you. Could you please contact us at jenny@healint.com to let us know how can we earn the last star? Jenny
Thank you Kimberly. You can alsways use the note section of the migraine record to add any additional information you wish to. In the note section you have a timestamp that can also help track any change in your migraine or medication taken. Jenny
Happy to see that you are happy Letty. Today is a bad day for us, we never had so many 4 stars in a day. and I see our rating going down It really feels like we are doing something wrong. Can you contact me to explain me what's wrong? I want to get the things right before adding even more functions. Jenny@healint.com
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you so much Issac! Glad to hear you like the app and will continue to use it although we hope you don't have to. I see we missed one star in the rating and would love to know how we can earn it back? 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. Thanks for your feedback :)
Thank you very much Alicia!!
Thanks for your review Kat! We are glad that the app has been useful for you in detecting patterns in your migraines. If there is anything we can do to make this a 5 star app for you, please drop us some suggestions at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! Jenny
Hi Kassi, thanks for your review! We looking into recording changes in pain intensity. We'd love your feedback in this regard- you can email us at contact@healint.com. We look forward to hearing from you! Thanks :) We are working on even better sleep graph. The sleep periods are visible in the calendar, and the average is visible in the report area
Thanks Shelley! Glad you like the app- can we improve it in anyway to earn the missing one star? Your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! Thanks :)
Thank you for your support. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you very much Cori! How can we earn the missing one star in the review? 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! We'd  love to hear from you! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks :)
Thank you so much Kendra! It would be great to know how we can improve the app to earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Hi Jim,after the new update, all you need to do is keep the app open for a while as it is backing up data. After this is done, the app will work at the same speed as it did before. Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com at any time for help! thanks for your inconvenience!
Hi Rebekah, Thanks for your comment. Your suggestion is present on our uservoice forum. You can view it here:http://goo.gl/cH1j0u For now maybe you can record a headache as well and show the results to your doctor- migraines have very specific symptoms so that maybe a way to differentiate? Feel free to email us at contact@healint.com at any time!
Hi Arin, thanks for your feedback! In our latest update, we have a new feature called "My Triggers" which allows you to record anything you may wish to track, eg. time of medication, you can try it out and let me know what you think at jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Hi Jessica,  Great to hear that you like our app! ^^ Could you let us know what we can do to deserve 5 stars? The missing star is extremely important to us and will go a long way to support the development of the app. If you have any suggestions, we would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com
Thank you Kerry-Anne. Regarding the taking note of your food, you can do it in the note section of the daily sleep recording. Not sure i understand what you mean about the slepp detection. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for assistance or suggestion that would help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Dear Angela, thank you for your review. I hope you can help us updating the rating when you feel more comfortable with the app. =) If you have suggestions on how we may improve to earn the missing star, please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Phil, thanks for your review! Glad to hear the app can help you track. Can you email me at jenny@healint.com with your location? In the meantime, your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app even further! Thanks :)
Thank you Mona! May we know how we can make it a 5 star app for you? Would be great to hear your suggestions!! jenny@healint.com
Hi Costanza. Thank you for your feedback. Please contact me directly at jenny@healint.com and I will assist you in getting the app on track again. Jenny
Hi Rachelle, thank you for your support. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need assistance with the app. I'd be delighted to help you. Jenny
Hi vergie! Thanks so much for your review. We are glad you are liking the app- do let us know how we can improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you.
Thanks! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks :)
Dear Shuan, we're glad you like the app! ^^ Did you encounter a problem with the app? 4 stars are for apps with minor problems. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks very much Jamey! We are looking into including a weather tracking function and will keep you updated on this. It's a great idea! How else can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thanks so much Amanda! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. Thanks
Thank you. You can record Aura the same way you do for migraines using the Attack section in the migraine summary. You can use existing attack or create your own. Hope this will help me get the missing star :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Sylvia! I see that we still miss one star in the rating- do you feel the app can be improved? 5 stars helps us to improve the app faster and faster for you. You can share your thoughts with me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thank you Michael. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers! Jenny
Thanks so much Glenda! I see we missed one star- how can we improve for you? We'd love to hear your thoughts on how we can make it a 5 star app for you. You can email me at jenny@healint.com to discuss more! Thanks!
Thanks for your review Kim! Your suggestions are great and we are actually working on them at the moment! We'd love to hear your feedback on these features we are developing. You can email me at jenny@healint.com if you would like to discuss further. Thanks!
Thanks Nique! We are glad to know that Migraine Buddy has been a useful and easy way to track your migraines. 
Thank you Sylvia. What can i do to grab the fifth star then ? :-) Jenny
Thank you Colette. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you for using MigraineBuddy, Priya. We are glad that it has been helpful for you. Please contact me at jenny@healint.com and let me know how I can further assist you and earn the missing stars. Jenny
Hi Diane, thanks for your review! We are glad you like the sleep detection feature! Could you clarify by what you mean by works better? Is it faster, more stable, less bugs, etc? Please discuss with me at jenny@healint.com! We would love to earn that 1 star back ^^ Jenny
Thank you for your support. What can I do to grab the missing star? :-) Jenny
Thanks Hildanys! May we know how we can get the one missing star back? Do you have some suggestions for improvement? Please do post them here: http://goo.gl/IJoxuo
Hi Arin, thanks for your feedback! In our latest update, we have a new feature called "My Triggers" which allows you to record anything you may wish to track, eg. time of medication, you can try it out and let me know what you think at jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Thank you for your feedback Bianca,  The location is solely here to help us migraineurs, the location at the time of the migraine is compared with the weather stations records. It is a function requested by many.  Actually, if you wish you can deactivate the location for migraine buddy, in the android menus. Francois  Healint's co-founder & CEO 
Hi Rachel,  Try tracking the time of your symptoms in the "Notes" section of your migraine record. There is an icon on the top right hand corner of the notes section to allow you to quickly log the current time and write down the symptom you felt! Please help us by updating this review if this solves your need!
Thanks Hildanys! May we know how we can get the one missing star back? Do you have some suggestions for improvement? Please do post them here: http://goo.gl/IJoxuo
Thanks so much for your feedback Kirby! I see we missed one star in the rating- did you encounter something in the app which disappointed you? I'd love to hear how we can improve to make it a 5 star app for you. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks a lot :)
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Cyndi,  You can use "My Triggers" section to create triggers corresponding to the foods you eat and track it daily. Over time, with sufficient migraine and trigger tracking information, the app would be able to assess how likely a food is to trigger a migraine. If you need more clarifications, please contact us at jenny@healint.com :-)
Hi Amy! I'm so glad to hear that it is helpful for you in your treatment. If there's anything we can do to make it a 5-star app for you, let me know via email at jenny@healint.com, I'd love to hear from you :) thanks so much for your review, the team really appreciates it. Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Kari, the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Thank you for your support. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you Joseph. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Pel. We try to constantly improve the app features and look. Feel free to send me some suggestions at Jenny@healint.com  This will hopefully help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Dear Navanit, Thank you for this feedback. 3/5 is a very low rating. To give you a point of comparison: 3 stars apps are usually apps crashing continuously. Does it represent the experience you faced with Migraine Buddy? (we will develop more when above 4.5 average rating, to be sure that we are doing the basics right.)
Thank you Ellen! How can we improve it to make it a 5 star app for you? Feel free to email me at Jenny@healint.com! Thanks!
Thank you Karen! The team is thinking about medication calendar and would love to hear more feedback on what sort of design would make most sense to users. Could you drop me a note at jenny@healint.com to discuss this further and elaborate what you would like to see in this medication calendar?
Thanks Latisha! We'd love to hear how we can make this a 5 star app for you! Please email us at contact@healint.com- we look forward to your feedback!
Hi Mandi, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars, which usually indicates minor errors. Are you facing an issue at the moment? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! =)
Thanks very much Chris!
Thank you Laura. The fifth star would encourage our team of developer who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you Elaine. The fifth star would encourage our hardworking developers who make this free app the perfect tool for  migraines sufferers. Jenny
Hi Sandra, I'm glad you like certain features! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars, which usually indicates minor errors. Are you facing an issue at the moment? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! =)
Wow, thanks for making our day with this awesome review Alicia! We are so glad you like the app and it is helping you. Thanks for supporting us :)
Thank you! Feel free to let me know what i can do to grab the missing star back :-)Jenny
Dear Gina, glad to know you find the app helpful! The selection in what doesn't work is based on the meds or reliefs you have tried for that migraine. What does not work for Migraine #1 may work for Migraine #2 so there is no "add" option for that screen. If this answers your question, please help us by updating the review. Thank you!
Dear Samantha, Can you contact me at support@healint.com? I would like to investigate on that problem as soon as possible. Jenny
Thanks Shelley! Glad you like the app- can we improve it in anyway to earn the missing one star? Your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! Thanks :)
Hi Janice, thanks for your review! Could you send us an email at contact@healint.com so we can help you with the battery issues. The app uses about 3-5% on most phones however we can investigate further for you. Thanks a lot!
Thank you Danielle. In fact you can track prodrome and postdrome separately or along with another attack. You can also track migraines changes in the note section of your migraine record. This section also has a timestamp to better track all changes. Hope this will help enough to grab the fifth star :-) Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com
Hi Abs, thanks for your review! Glad you like the app :) We are looking into syncing other apps and devices with Migraine Buddy. I put the idea here on UserVoice: http://goo.gl/I8svZE. You can comment and vote! 5 stars from you would really encourage us to improve faster. I'd love to hear from you: jenny@healint.com
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you Paula. Feel  free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would help me grab the missing star back. :-) Jenny
Dear Abdul Nazar,  We should like to give you one of the early users access codes. Please send us an email at contact@healint.com.  Best Regards, Ali
Thanks Nina! How can we earn the missing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thanks for your feedback!
Hi Nikcy, Thanks so much for your review! Sorry to hear about your son's migraines. You can for now record his pain location in the notes section which can be found in the summary screen. We are also looking into a daily tracker for medication. I'd love to hear your thoughts on it. Email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!!
Thank so much for your review Emma! I am glad to hear the app can help you and hopefully will help your doctor's appointment as well. However I see one star missing in the rating? Do you feel the app can be improved in some way? I'd love to hear your thoughts as 5 stars really helps us improve faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Hi Alivia, thanks for your review! We are looking into including a function to track pain intensity changes during a migraine. It would be great to get your feedback on it- could you send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further? We look forward to hearing from you! thanks!
Dear Jo, Great to hear that our app was simple to use. :-) 4 star reviews indicates that the app has minor problems. Would you be able to let us know what problems you faced when using the app so we can earn back the missing star? Please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com. I hope to hear from you soon. Thank you!
Hi Terri, we are working on including a time stamp for medication taken- you should be able to see it soon! How else can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thanks for the review Korinna! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster :)
Hi Jo, you can track change in the note section of the migraine record. In the same place you also use the timestamp button on the top right corner to better manage your meds efficiency. Hope this will help you better track your migraines and hope it is enough to grab the missing star :-). Jenny
Hi Ashley!  Great to know you love the app! The team is looking into ways to improve the experience of the city buddy. You can add the time of medication in the notes section of the migraines. There's a time stamp option on the top right hand corner to help you quickly log the time. If you need more help, please contact us at jenny@healint.com :-)
Thank you Sylvia. What can I do to grab the missing star then? :-) Jenny
Thank you Colleen. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Dear Kira, thank you for your suggestion. To track blood pressure, you could add it in Triggers screen: less than 120 BP, 120-139 BP, 140-159 BP and more than 160 BP. This helps you see if your BP level has any relationship with your migraines. If this helps, do help us by updating your review. Do email me at jenny@healint.com if you need more help
Hi Cassandre, glad you like the app! If you like it even more after continuous use, do give us one more star in your rating! ^^ If not, you can email me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions on how we can improve. - Jenny
Hi P.J, thanks for your feedback! Yes we are working on several different features to improve the app for you- many new updates have also arrived with the latest version. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve even faster! For your battery concern, please send me an email and I will help you out: jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thanks so much for your support Cindy!
Thank you Eloïse! It would be great to know the reason for the removed star- 5 stars helps us to go much faster. Your support and review will help us improve the app much faster. Thanks very much :) You can email me at jenny@healint.com.
Hi Sabrina, glad to hear the  app is helping you and your doc! Thanks so much for your review! It would be great if you could share how we can make this a 5 star app for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve much faster :)
Thanks Liz! How can we earn the one star back- did you face any disappointment with the app? You can email me at jenny@healint.com to discuss. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. Thank you :)
Thank you for your feedback. I would love to know more about what you are expecting in term of preventatives medication. Feel free to come back to me directly at jenny@healint.com with further description of your expectations.  Wishing you a great holiday season. Jenny
Thanks for your lovely review Amy! We are so happy to hear that Migraine Buddy has been helping you manage your migraines! We hope it continues like this and we would love to keep in touch with you for further exchange. Wishing you well! 
Thank you Tiffany. There are 2 ways to record notes in the app. 1 during a migraine in the note section of the migraine record. 2 in the sleep tracking notes. You can also customize the daily tracker to fit your needs. Hope this helps. Jenny
Hi Rebecca, Thank you for your feedback. Glad to know that you and your doctor both like Migraine Buddy. Migraine Buddy has a notes section in the Migraine Record page to allow you record any additional information. You can record your med intake in the Migraine Impact report calendar from the Buddies page.  Jenny
Thank your Kerry for your support, please contact me at jenny@healint.com so we could earn the missing star. Jenny
Hi there, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what we can do to make the app a 5 star experience for you? Your support is important to us. Please let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Welcome to the Migraine Buddy community. Do not hesitate to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance with the app. Also the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you Courtney :) The 5th star would encourage our team of hard-working developers to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers
Dear Amy, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what we can do to earn the missing start? Perfect reviews are important to support the team. Please let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you very much Jody! How can we earn the missing one star back? It would be great to hear your ideas! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Thanks for your review! Could you send an email to contact@healint.com so we can look into the sleep diary problem with you? We look forward to hearing from you! 
Thank you so much Frances. It's great to hear that the app is helping you figure out triggers and remedies. Hope it keeps helping! 
Thank you so much Lynsey!
Hi janel, thanks for your review! You can add your own symptoms and relief methods by tapping add new on the screen- add as many as you like and you can delete as well! Is there any other way we can make the app a 5 star one for you? 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! Thanks so much :)
Thanks you very much Louise. I see we missed a star. How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thank you for your kind compliments, Amy! I'm glad you find the app helpful! If you have any suggestions how we can improve, do share with me at jenny@healint.com! =D
Dear Basia,   We're still in the middle of working on a design for showing users their sleep regularity. Once it is released and if our design is helpful for you, please help us by update this to a 5-star review. Earning the missing 1 star is important to us. ^^ If you have more suggestions, please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com
Thank you Anita. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you Starla for your support of the app! I hope you can help us update this review when you are more comfortable with the app! 5 star reviews means a lot to the team and help us move faster. If you have suggestions on how we may improve to earn the missing star from you, please let me know at jenny@healint.com ^^
Thank you for your review Andrea. If there is anything we can do to improve your Migraine Buddy experience or if you've faced any issues in the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it for you. Thank you!
Hi Sarah, Glad to know that Migraine Buddy is easy and helpful to you. Could you please contact us at jenny@healint.com to let us know how can we earn the last star? Jenny
Thank you for the great comment! It would be great to have a chat to know what made you remove a star? Were you disappointed? did you face an unexpected problem?
Thank you Amy! Your suggestion can be found here :http://goo.gl/Nj06ni - please vote and comment! For now, you can also note down the time and amount of medication in the notes section. A lot of our users find that useful. If you have any questions, please feel free to get in touch : Contact@healint.com
Hi Salem, thanks for reaching out to us! You can find the time stamp function on the right-hand corner in the Notes section of the migraine record. As for the food diary, you can include them in the Daily Tracker. This would make it easier for you to track your triggers. If you have further queries, please contact me at jenny@healint.com! =D
Thank you Nancy, the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you for your feedback Linda! But based on your note it seems that there is something in the app that you don't like. Could you please send me an email at jenny@healint.com? We could discuss deeper about it and find a solution! It could help to improve the app! Otherwise, if everything is fine, you can also update your note! :-) Thank a lot!
Thank you for your suggestions. We are working on finding the best way to report changes during attacks. Hopefully you will see this feature in the future updates. Meanwhile feef free to use the suggestion box from the menu of the app to share your ideas. A fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard for to make this app great.
Great to hear you and your doctor like the app Valerie! I see we lost one star in the rating- how can we improve the app for you to make is a 5 star one? Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com! I look forward to hearing from you! Thank you!! :)
Thanks so much Michelle! For the pain location, you can pinch the screen big or small to select smaller regions on the diagram. Please email us if you need help at contact@healint.com. We are also looking into including a food diary- we will keep you updated on this.
Dear Angela, thank you for your review. I hope you can help us updating the rating when you feel more comfortable with the app. =) If you have suggestions on how we may improve to earn the missing star, please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you! This is something we are working on at the moment. Sorry for the inconvenience. You can still manually record your sleep period though! Jenny
Thanks for your feedback Kelly! Yes, adding more symptoms and triggers is something we have planned for future updates to the app. You can follow the progress here: http://goo.gl/zKiI7Y. Tracking pain evolution is a complex function and we are looking into it at the moment. It would be great if we cant talk further about this! jenny@healint.com
Thanks Niki. It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Glad to hear Migraine Buddy is working well for you Kate! Thanks for your lovely review :)
Thank you Ben. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thanks Angie! 
Thank you for the love Allyson!!
Hi Lena, thanks for your comment :) As we thrive to deliver a 5-star service to our users, what can we do to deserve a 5-star rating from you? Please feel free to let me know at jenny@healint.com Jenny
Wow, thanks for making our day with this awesome review Alicia! We are so glad you like the app and it is helping you. Thanks for supporting us :)
We wish to find out how we can better help you and earn the fifth star. Please contact me at jenny@healint.com to let me know! Jenny
Wow thank you so much Jen!! this is so encouraging for us! We are so glad the app has been able to help!
Glad you like the app Chantel! I see we missed one star in the rating. How can we improve Migraine Buddy to make it a 5 star app for you? Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com with your ideas :)
Hi D, thanks for your review! If you have any feedback or suggestions on how we can make it a 5-star app for you, please discuss with me at jenny@healint.com, we would love to hear from you :) thanks for your support with Migraine Buddy!! Jenny
Dear Kate, an new update is available and it supports filtering the reports by the attack types! Do help us by updating to a 5-star review when you've given it a try! =) Thank you!
Thank you Sylvia. What can I do to grab the missing star then? :-) Jenny
Thank you. How can i help you to grab back the missing star? :-) Jenny
Hi Nakita, you are able to track this manually in notes section, and there's timestamps for you to mention 10 am or 1 pm. If you need further assistance, I will be glad to help, just email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much for your review! :) - Jenny
Thanks so much Priyanka!  Glad to hear the app is helping you. It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star- 5 stars really helps us to improve faster. I'd love to hear from you. you can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thanks for your feedback Natasha! Currently we are looking into adding food triggers. :)
Thank you and welcome to the Migraine Buddy community. The fifth star would encourage our hardworking developers who make this free app the perfect tool for  migraines sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Kris, Thank very much for your review! We are working hard on a prototype for changing pain intensity- would you like to help us test it out? Your feedback would be very helpful! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. 5 stars really encourages us to go faster- it would be great to hear if we can make it a 5 star app in any other way as well. :)
Hi Melissa, thanks for your feedback. Yes we are still trying to tweak the City Buddy and this helps! Do you know many migraine sufferers in your area? In the meantime, your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. THanks!
Thank you Rea. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app  and help me grab the missing star back. Jenny
Thank you Emma!
Thank you Jaime.Food tracking is a development that we considered adding to the app.  Please read more here: http://www.migrainebuddy.com/the-curse-of-migraine-food-tracking/ Instead, we have developed food tracking and coaching services to deal with food and migraines. Please read more here: https://migrainefoodcoaching.squarespace.com/ Jenny
Thanks Erik! Glad the app is helping you. How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars can help us improve the app much faster!
Thank you Tristan. Our goal is to deliver a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for any suggestions or feedback so that we can catch that missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks Heather! How can we improve to make Migraine Buddy a 5 star app for you?
Thank you Elizabeth. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
I see that you are happy with migraine-buddy. This is sad though to see that you removed a star. I feels like a punishment as this is lowering the average rating visible to every new potential users. It slows down the new development. But I will not abandon! If you can contact me to tell what made you reduce our rating? Jenny@healint.com
Thank you Stephie! How can we make it a 5 star one for you?
Hi Kim, Thanks for your feedback and suggestions! Please visit http://migrainebuddy.uservoice.com/ to share your ideas with us and to vote for ideas that appeal most to you! We look forward to hearing from you, Kind Regards, Saulat
Dear Megan, we're glad you found the app easy to use ^^ Did you encounter a problem with the app? 4 stars are for apps with minor problems. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Dear Judy, I am very sad to read this. You know you can simply contact us by writing an e-mail to support@healint.com We are here to help! Jenny
Hi Alivia, thanks for your review! We are looking into including a function to track pain intensity changes during a migraine. It would be great to get your feedback on it- could you send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further? We look forward to hearing from you! thanks!
Thank you Brent. What can i do to grab the fifth star? :-) Jenny
Thank you for your kind words Charlotte. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Deb, Thanks for your review!! How can we improve it to make the app a 5 star one for you? feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com.I'd love to hear from you!
Hi Bonnie, you can turn off automatic sleep detection by going into Settings. The app will not ask you your sleep timings again. I hope this helps- is there any other way we can make it a 5 star app for you? 5 stars helps us to improve faster and encourages our team a lot! Thanks :)
Thank you! Feel free to contact me directly at Jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance with the app. I'll be delighted to help and guide you through the sleep record feature. Jenny
Hi Amy! I'm so glad to hear that it is helpful for you in your treatment. If there's anything we can do to make it a 5-star app for you, let me know via email at jenny@healint.com, I'd love to hear from you :) thanks so much for your review, the team really appreciates it. Jenny
Thanks so much for supporting us !
Thank you for your feedback Monica. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance with the app. Jenny
Thank you for your support Amy. Have you tried to create an attack type with your postdrome? You could describe them and get them recorded this way. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for more suggestions or advise. I'll be happy to assist you and hopefully grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you so much for supporting us Karen!
Thank you Danielle. In fact you can track prodrome and postdrome separately or along with another attack. You can also track migraines changes in the note section of your migraine record. This section also has a timestamp to better track all changes. Hope this will help enough to grab the fifth star :-) Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com
Hi Dorothy! Glad to know you're liking your initial experience of the app. Do help us by updating this rating whenever you feel comfortable! Perfect ratings would help us to go much faster. Your support and review means a lot to the team. Thanks very much :) If you have any questions, you can let me know at jenny@healint.com.
Thank you! If you have any suggestions for how we may improve the app, please let me know anytime at jenny@healint.com.
Hi Dawn, we are looking into your suggestion! Would you like to give us some more feedback on what you would like to see? send us an email at contact@healint.com
Thanks very much Anne! It would be great to know how we can earn th emissing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! I would love to hear from yoU! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thanks Hannah! How can we make it a 5 star app for you?
Thanks a lot Natalie!! I see we missed one star in the rating- did you feel disappointed in the app some how? Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com about how we can improve the app for you. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve faster! Thanks :)
Thank you Karine, feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com and I will help you recover the sleep feature. Hopefully this will be enough to grab the fifth star :-) Jenny
Thank you for your kind words Lalli. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you Michael. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers! Jenny
Hi Melissa, Great to know that we have helped to simplify migraine-tracking for you. :) A 5 star review is important to us and will help a lot in supporting the development of new features for the app. Could you let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? Please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com
Hi Cheryl, Thanks very much for your review! If you can send me an email at jenny@healint.com, I can look into the sleep diary issue for you right away. Often it is just about keeping the phone where there is less movement. We are glad you like the app and want to make it a 5 star one for you! I'll look forward to your email- Thanks! 
Thanks very much Laced. Glad to hear your like the app especially the sleep feature- you are right, recording broken sleep is important and we are working on improving the sleep diary! You can easily add weather is a trigger by tapping add new on the trigger screen. 
Hi Cecilia, Thanks for the review! I see we were one star short of 5 stars- did you feel disappointed by the app in anyway? You can email me at jenny@healint.com to discuss further. Your support and 5 stars will surely help us improve the app faster! Thank you :)
Hi there, thank you for the review. Did you encounter a problem with the app? 4 stars are for app with minor problems. How may we improve the app for you to get the missing star? Please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you very much Carla! It would be great to know how we can improve the app for you to make it a 5 star app. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Hi Morgan, this notification is an Android 9 requirements that we cannot remove. It is on only during your regular sleep period recorded in the settings.  Jenny
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Diana,  Great to know that you found Migraine Buddy useful. Would you be able to let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? (^^) 5 star reviews are extremely important to support the development of new features for the app. Please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Richard. Anything I can do to grab the fifth star? :-) Jenny
Thank you Lauren! I'd love to know how we can earn the missing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app faster. If you have any ideas, please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much :)
Thanks gemma! Glad you like the new updates!
Dear Abby, I just see your comment, and thought "ouch, we need to adjust the interface to make it easier to find". Actually on the summary page of the migraine, at the bottom, you have a "attack type". If you specify you headache as headache, this will allow you to analyse those together or separately from the migraines. Jenny@healint.com
Thanks Arun- we are very grateful for your support! We exchange regularly with users and this feedback helps us to continually improve the app. We are glad the sleep diary is working well for you and we are happy to see that it is a popular feature amongst several users.Take care and we hope we can keep in touch with you in the future as well! 
Hi Meredith, thanks for your great suggestion! Syncing with other apps is a complex process. Currently we are working on syncing with Fitbit and Migraine Pal. If you give us 5-star reviews, it will encourage the team to work faster and better! :) - Jenny
Hi Samantha, Thanks for your feedback! We are working on improving the sleep diary and would love some more feedback from you. Could you send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further. Thanks!
Thanks very much Lisa! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Hi Medea, thanks so much for your review! We hope you find the app useful for your long migraines, don't forget that you can use the NOTES section to track changes in your migraines - these will appear in your reports as well. If you need help or have any suggestions on how we can improve, feel free to email me! jenny@healint.com :) Jenny
Thanks for your review! Could you send an email to contact@healint.com so we can look into the sleep diary problem with you? We look forward to hearing from you! 
Hi Amy, thanks for your review! It would be great to know how we can improve the app for you. You share your ideas with me at jenny@healint.com. I'd love to hear from you. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app faster and faster. 
Thanks Rosa! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thank you Helen, you can create another Migraine Buddy account on a 2nd device (tablet, smartphone). The fifth star would encourage our developers who work hard to make this app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks for your review Rebecca. Please do let me know how we can improve the app for you, we really wish to catch this missing star back and provide you with a 5 star service :) you can also contact me directly at jenny@healint.com
Hey Kathy,  Welcome to the Migraine Buddy community! We hope Migraine Buddy proves to be useful to you and help you reduce your migraines. We hope as you learn more about the app, you would feel more confident to give us the missing star.  If you need help at any point in time, please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com
Dear Sam, great to hear that you approve of our app. A 4 star review indicates minor problems with the app. Perfect reviews are really important in supporting the team so please let me know the problem(s) you've faced at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! I'm sure we would be able to make this a 5 star experience for you =)
Thank you Guy. Anything I can do to grab the missing star? :-) Jenny
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for Migraine Sufferers! :-) Jenny
Thank you Tammy. What can i do to grab the fifth star ? :-) Jenny
Thank you Tracy! Great to hear you like the app. It would be great to hear how we can earn the missing one star back. Did you feel disappointed with the app some how? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars will help us to go faster in improving the app! THanks :)
Hi Shonda, There is a notes section for each migraine which you can find in the summary as well as a daily notes section which you can find in the sleep section of my records. You can easily remove and add triggers as you wish. Just hold down the delete button for removing and add new for adding. Hope that will earn the missing star back! THanks :)
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Catherine,  Great to know that Migraine Buddy has been useful for you. Would you be able to let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? 5 star reviews are important to support the development of new features for the app so please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you! You can get back your sleep record by folllowing the steps shown in this video https://youtu.be/WbvaSj1tjZk . The samsung bug can be fixed  by following those steps https://youtu.be/k-hf8MyBnbE Hope these will help me grab the missing star :-) Jenny
Hi Kari, you can use the timestamp button of the note section in the migraine record to add any relevant information about the migraine. Instead of a widget you can start a migraine and then use the "not now'" button to record the details later. Would this help me getting the fifth star ? :-) Jenny
Hi Sabrina, glad to hear the  app is helping you and your doc! Thanks so much for your review! It would be great if you could share how we can make this a 5 star app for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve much faster :)
Thanks very much Amanda! Glad you like the app! How can we improve it to make it a 5 star one? 5 stars really helps us to improve the app much faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks for the support!
Thank you for using MigraineBuddy, Priya. We are glad that it has been helpful for you. Please contact me at jenny@healint.com and let me know how I can further assist you and earn the missing stars. Jenny
Thank you Katherine. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers! :-) Jenny
Thanks so much for your review Yana! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com with your thoughts! I'd love to hear from you :)
Hi Kathy! Thank you for your ratings and sorry for the inconvenience caused. You should have no problems using the app now as we've fixed the issues earlier this week. Should you come across any problems, please feel free to let me know at jenny@healint.com! Thanks! =D
Thanks Alice! We would love to know how we can earn one star back- 5 stars is really helpful in improving faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com with your ideas! Thank you :)
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Evi, Thanks for your feedback! This helps us to continually improve the app.The app runs in the background to ensure that all your data is synchronized. We are also working on improving the reports at the moment and soon you should be able to see more cumulative results. Kindly also check your email for more details! Kind Regards.
Thank you for your updated review Sarah. We had a service downtime issue with our Weather service provider for a few hours yesterday but it should now be back up and running globally. I think I have already sent you an email about it. Anyway, please contact me at jenny@healint.com if it still does not work for you. Kind regards, Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Steve, were you able to install it? The latest update is version 1671, you can give it a try :) - Jenny
Hi Lee! Thank you for your ratings! You can actually update the changes of symptoms, intensity etc on the Notes section, making use of the time stamp located at the top right-hand corner of the screen. Do let me know how this suits you at jenny@healint.com! I look forward to hearing from you. =D
Thank you so much  Kieth! it would be great to know how we can improve for you to make Migraine Buddy a 5 star app for you. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. I look forward to your ideas! Thanks :)
Thank you Rachel. What can I do to grab the missing star then ? :-) Jenny
Thank you Tracy. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com with suggestions that would help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you Stephanie for your review! Do remember to help us update this review once you are more comfortable with the app ^^ Perfect reviews are important in supporting our developers in what they do! If you ever need help or if you have suggestions for us on how to improve the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
We hope too Stacy! feel free to reach out to me if needing help: Jenny@healint.com It would be great to see this removed star come back too (ˆ_ˆ) it helps us in improving faster, and there is so much more we want to do and improve. Jenny
Thanks Angela! How can we improve the app for you as I see we missed one star.
Hi Marale, may we know a little more about what was happening when you logged in? Can you send us an email at jenny@healint.com so we can help you out? Thanks for your patience!
Dear Megan, we would definitely recommend tracking these details in the "Notes" section of your migraine records. :) Could you also share with me the bugs you've faced while using the app? 4 stars are usually for apps with minor bugs. If you could let me know the issues at jenny@healint.com, I could get the team to help you troubleshoot. Thank you!
Thank you Siobhan. The fifth stars would encourage our developers to work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Costanza. Thank you for your feedback. Please contact me directly at jenny@healint.com and I will assist you in getting the app on track again. Jenny
Thanks so much for the positive review Trixy! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? 5 stars helps us to improve much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. I would love to hear from you!
Thank you so much Kendra! It would be great to know how we can improve the app to earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Hi Jessica,  Great to hear that you like our app! ^^ Could you let us know what we can do to deserve 5 stars? The missing star is extremely important to us and will go a long way to support the development of the app. If you have any suggestions, we would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com
Hi James, not sure i understand what you mean but feel free to share your concerns with me at Jenny@healint.com. Jenny
Glad to hear Migraine Buddy is working well for you Kate! Thanks for your lovely review :)
Hi Nevena, Weather & pressure information is fetched automatically if you're logging a migraine that is less than 14 days old. Please write in to us at jenny@healint.com if you face weather tracking issues for migraines that are less than 14 days old so that we can help. We're working on allowing users to edit the weather information :-)
Thanks Christine! I am sure it will help. We always get great feedbacks from Neurologists. But you removed a star. It lowers the average rating, which, I suppose is because you faced a problem. Can you contact me at jenny@healint.com for us to understand and correct the problem? All the best! Jenny
Hi Dave, thanks for giving Migraine Buddy a chance in managing your migraines! We hope you will return after using it for some time to let us know if there's anything we can do to earn the one star back ^^ If you need any help, you can email me for assistance! jenny@healint.com Jenny
Thanks Sharon! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! 
Hi Elizabeth, you can create multiple accounts in Migraine Buddy. You just need to use another device than the one you use for your child. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com if you need assistance. Jenny
Hi Rachael, thank you for your feedback and sorry for the inconvenience. I see that the team is already working on your case. We will contact you soon! =)
Thanks gemma! Glad you like the new updates!
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you Kiri. Feel free to customize the app with your needs. You add/remove items on most pages. Hope this will help me grab the missing star back. :-) Jenny
Thank you for your support. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com i'll be happy to give you assistance regarding the sleep detection. Jenny
Dear Stephanie, Thank you for taking the time to write here. I see that you would like to get more from the app. This is possible and still totally free of charge, the first thing to do is to go into the suggestion forum (reachable from the left pane of the app), and votes for ideas similar to yours. Hope to get that star back for the team. Jenny
Hi Gemma Louise! Thank you for sharing this with us. Thanks to users comments and suggestions like this, we are constantly  improving the application to make users experience better and better. Please feel free to share other suggestions with me at Jenny@healint.com! Jenny
Thanks for giving Migraine Buddy a chance to help you Amy! We would love to hear your feedback and see how we can make is 5 star app for you.
Thank you Desiree. You can always use the "not now" button just after having started a migraine. Then come back to fill in the different pages when you feel better. Feel free to contact me directly at jenny@healint.com if you need futher assistance. Jenny
Thanks Lori! Could you send me an email so we can discuss how you would like to modify the modification screen? My email me jenny@healint.com. 5 stars helps us in improving much faster! Thank you :)
Thank you Claire. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Sherri,  Great to hear that you find us awesome! What can we do to be more than awesome so that we can earn the missing star? 5 star reviews are really important to supporting the development of the app! If you have any suggestions, we would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com :-)
Hi Bill, The team is currently working on prototyping tracking pain intensity. In the meantime, you make notes about whether it gets worse over time in the notes section of the migraine screen.If you need more help, please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com.
Thank you for your feedback Tabby!  But based on your note it seems that there is something in the app that you don't like. Could you please send me an email at jenny@healint.com? We could discuss deeper about it and find a solution! It could help to improve the app! Otherwise, if everything is fine, you can also update your note! :-) Thank a lot!
Hey there, thank you for giving Migraine Buddy a try :) Could you advise what issues you've faced in the app so I understand how we may improve this app to a 5 star experience for you? 4 star reviews are usually for apps with minor bugs. I would love to hear from you again at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! :)
Thank you so much for making our day with your amazing review Lauri!
Thank you Samuel. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Nicola! Could you let us know what we can do to make this a 5 star experience? 4 stars usually indicate minor problems with the app =(  Perfect reviews are important to support the app and help us improve the app much faster. Please let us know what we can do at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks for your review Paula! Glad you like the app. We are working on the ability to change pain intensity levels. You can see the progress of this idea here: http://goo.gl/k3cAe8. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com as well! :)
Thanks very much Sue! May I ask the reason for the removed star? Did you face any disappointment with the app? Your feedback and 5 stars will help us improve the app faster. Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. I'd love to hear from you! Thanks! 
Dear Karla, if you are only tracking an aura, you can use the Attack Types field in the migraine summary screen to label it as "Aura-only". You can filter your reports by attack types later to learn about your symptoms. Please help me update this review if my suggestions helped. If not, I would love to understand more from you at jenny@healint.com
Glad that Migraine Buddy is helping you Joanne! I see we lost one star in the rating- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Hi Nicole, Please let us know how we can improve the app- I'd love to hear from you. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app further. Thanks!
Dear Tammy, thank you for your remark! I am not 100% sure to understand "a way to clear out an end time". Can you explain that point? either here in the comment, or via e-mail to francois@healint.com Francois, co-founder of Healint
Thanks so much for your feedback Kirby! I see we missed one star in the rating- did you encounter something in the app which disappointed you? I'd love to hear how we can improve to make it a 5 star app for you. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks a lot :)
Great to hear Amber! I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? I'd love to hear from you- please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com! Thanks :)
Thank so much for your review Emma! I am glad to hear the app can help you and hopefully will help your doctor's appointment as well. However I see one star missing in the rating? Do you feel the app can be improved in some way? I'd love to hear your thoughts as 5 stars really helps us improve faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Hi Busisiwe, thanks very much for your review! Could you send me an email at jenny@healint.com so I can help you with the sleep diary. For adding extra medication and triggers, you can simply tap Add new on those screens! Your support and 5 stars can help us improve much faster! Thanks :)
Thank you for your kind review, Kylie! You're absolutely right! In fact, a variation of pain intensity is one of the most requested addition. While we try to make that a reality, you can update your pain level in the Notes section of the migraine record, using the time stamp located at the top right-hand corner of the screen. =)
Dear Sougat,  We are sorry to hear about your disappointment. We limited access to the app because we are worried that some people would misuse it. Until we release a lite version that is less restricted, we will be happy to offer you an early user access code. Please send an email to contact@healint.com to get it.  Best Regards, Ali
Thank you for your feedback Kerri. The sleep detection can be deactivated through the menu of the app if you wish to. There is no way to record it manually. Jenny
Hi Lori, thanks for your review! Which categories would you like to remove? Leave your suggestions here: http://goo.gl/kI3Pvj We'd love to hear your thoughts! Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app faster! You can also email me at jenny@healint.com.Thanks very much :) 
Dear Abby, I just see your comment, and thought "ouch, we need to adjust the interface to make it easier to find". Actually on the summary page of the migraine, at the bottom, you have a "attack type". If you specify you headache as headache, this will allow you to analyse those together or separately from the migraines. Jenny@healint.com
Thank you so much for supporting us Karen!
Dear Madison, I would love to have a discussion to fully understand the problems you faced with your healthcare provider and try to help. To this date more than 40.000 doctors have used the reports from migraine buddy, and insurers accept those reports as medical documentation. I am pretty confident I can help. Jenny@healint.com
Thanks Julia! We are glad to hear you are liking the app! Thanks for your great suggestions as you can see here: http://goo.gl/vovdgs we have already begun working on some of them. You can view their update here. We'd love to get the one missing star back so please feel free to email me if you want to discuss further: jenny@healint.com :)
Thank you for your suggestions. We are working on finding the best way to report changes during attacks. Hopefully you will see this feature in the future updates. Meanwhile feef free to use the suggestion box from the menu of the app to share your ideas. A fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard for to make this app great.
Thanks for your review Paula! Glad you like the app. We are working on the ability to change pain intensity levels. You can see the progress of this idea here: http://goo.gl/k3cAe8. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com as well! :)
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Evalynn, we are happy to hear it's useful in your medical treatment! Do you have suggestions on how we can improve the app to make it 5-stars, email me and we can discuss - jenny@healint.com :) Jenny
Dear Tammy, we're glad to hear the app has made tracking easier for you. Could I check if you encountered any issue with the app? 4 star reviews usually for app with minor bugs and we do take user experience seriously. Could you write to me at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to help you troubleshoot it for you? Thank you!
Thank you! The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance with the app. Jenny
Thank you Nicola! Could you let us know what we can do to make this a 5 star experience? 4 stars usually indicate minor problems with the app =(  Perfect reviews are important to support the app and help us improve the app much faster. Please let us know what we can do at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Susan! Glad to know that our app was helpful to you! Do help us by updating this rating whenever you feel comfortable! Perfect ratings would help us to go much faster. Your support and review means a lot to the team. Thanks very much :) If you have any suggestions for how we can do better, you can always let me know at jenny@healint.com.
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Lorraine for the review, I would like to understand the source of the removed star. I want to be sure that we are doing things right! It would be great if you could contact me at Jenny@healint.com
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ Can you share with me more on what you mean by logging in your sleep feelings at jenny@healint.com? I'm very interested to know your idea! Thanks! =D
Hi Sarah, we are glad you find the app useful! If you have suggestions on how to make it a 5-star app for you, please leave me an email at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much for your review :) - Jenny
Dear Lisa, thank you for your review! 4 star reviews are for apps with minor problems, would you be able to let me know what we can do to earn the missing star? Perfect reviews are really important in supporting the development of the app! I hope to hear from you soon at jenny@healint.com
Dear Nicole, thank you for your review, and happy to see that the app helps you. Sadly it was so much effort to make it work on the thousands of variations of screen size just in vertical mode... Fully redesigning and testing in horizontal mode would take us so long that you will have changed for a new phone. Is it the reason of the removed star?
Hi Scarlett, not sure i understand this comment? Jenny
Hi there, thanks so much for your review! We hope you find the app helpful. Do you have any ideas how we can make it a 5-star app for you? Drop me an email at jenny@healint.com and we can discuss further :) Jenny
Thanks Naomi! I see we were one star short of 5 stars- is there any disappointment you faced with the app? Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. I'd love to hear from you! Your support and 5 stars would help us improve faster and faster :)
Thank you very much Carla! It would be great to know how we can improve the app for you to make it a 5 star app. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thanks Alice! We would love to know how we can earn one star back- 5 stars is really helpful in improving faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com with your ideas! Thank you :)
We're glad to hear that the app helped you to track and see patterns in your migraines. Could you let me know what you mean by "more management"? The missing star means a lot to the team. Do let me know what we can do/change to earn the missing star at jenny@healint.com. =) Thank you!
Thanks Nique! We are glad to know that Migraine Buddy has been a useful and easy way to track your migraines. 
[Edit: We are adjusting the date picker]  We'll look into getting it changed because we too feel that the interaction could be improved. Do help us by updating this rating whenever you feel comfortable! Perfect ratings would help us to go much faster. If you have more suggestions, you can email me at jenny@healint.com
Thank you Melisa! I see we missed one star in the rating. Is there some way we can improve to earn the missing star back? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve much faster so I'd love to hear your thoughts! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
Dear Amy, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what we can do to earn the missing start? Perfect reviews are important to support the team. Please let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Kamil, I just tested the next version coming up, and the speed problem is totally gone!  Please be patient and try out our new update when it comes out in 1 or 2 weeks. If it solves your problem, please help us out by updating your review! :-) In the meantime, if you need further assistance, please feel free to contact us at jenny@healint.com
Thank you Tiffany. There are 2 ways to record notes in the app. 1 during a migraine in the note section of the migraine record. 2 in the sleep tracking notes. You can also customize the daily tracker to fit your needs. Hope this helps. Jenny
Hi D, thanks a lot for your review and great suggestion! We are working on this at the moment and you can see the the idea and it's progress here: http://goo.gl/jRuoNW. You can vote and comment here! In the meantime, 4 stars slows us down a little. Your support in helping us improve faster is much appreciated! Thanks :)
Hello Patrice, and thank you for the feedback! Please let us know how we can earn that extra star. Feel free to email me any time at jenny@healint.com and I would be happy to answer answer any questions you have.
Thank you Heidi. Doctors do not recommend to have such 1shot button as this will prevent users from recording any changes that might make the difference in term of diagnostic and treatment. Jenny
Thank you Tracy. The fifth stars would encourage our developers to work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you very much Laura. Is there anything I can help with to grab the missing star? :-) Jenny
Thank you very much Caroline! Could you send me an email about the sleep diary at jenny@healint.com? I will look into it for you! In the meantime, 5 stars really helps us to improve the app much faster! Thank you :)
Dear Joy, thank you for your feedback! Could you elaborate more on what you mean a better file extract option? Currently, it exports as a html file with your migraine record in table format. Are you hoping for an excel download or something else? Please let me know more at jenny@healint.com.
Dear Christian, This is very unusual, on normal use it never goes over 3%, and we tested on tens of thousands of phone.  Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com, we will find a solution, you may have found a rare bug! Jenny
Thanks so much Amy! How can we earn the missing one star back? It would be great to hear your ideas! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Thanks Di! How can we make is 5 star app for you?
Hi Kimberly, Great to know that you found our app helpful to you. May I ask how we can improve so we can get the last star? 5 stars ratings means a lot to us and will help a lot in supporting the development of the app. :) If you have any thoughts or suggestions, please let us know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks for your comment. We are actually considering this major development and your input is most welcome in doing so: please contact me at jenny@healint.com and let me know how you would like to have it implemented. In the meantime, you can easily tailor the Daily Tracker for food tracking. Looking forward to your input. Jenny :)
Thank  you, the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who are working hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Rebekka, you can use the note section of the daily sleep tracker to record any non-migraine events that you find useful to know. Hope this will help you enough to grab the fifth star :-) Jenny
Great! We are very happy to know that Migraine Buddy can help you! Thanks a lot!
Hi Llinos, thank you for giving us a try! I hope you've found the app helpful. We are the official partner of Migraine Action UK. Please do let us know your experience and feel free to reach out to us anytime jenny@healint.com
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Alivia, thanks for your review! We are looking into including a function to track pain intensity changes during a migraine. It would be great to get your feedback on it- could you send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further? We look forward to hearing from you! thanks!
Thank you very much Jody! How can we earn the missing one star back? It would be great to hear your ideas! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Hi Bill, The team is currently working on prototyping tracking pain intensity. In the meantime, you make notes about whether it gets worse over time in the notes section of the migraine screen.If you need more help, please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com.
Thank you Cindy, that's right! I also get those cases when I am not too sure if I sure record but in case of doubt would like to record as very small or non-painful. Just to be sure, is the removed star due to that? or due to a problem your faced? Francois
Thank you so much Vashti! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back- 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Kandace, thanks for your great suggestions! We are currently working on many improvements from user feedback, and we will be sure to add your considerations to the list - at the moment, you can turn on notifications for the app to alert you regarding migraines. If you need assistance, feel free to email me! jenny@healint.com :) Jenny
Hi Olivia, thanks for your review! We are actually working on a feature to track changes in pain intensity. This is under testing and I will keep you updated. You can email me at jenny@healint.com for more updates. It would be great to earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us improve faster.
Thank you for your feedback Bianca,  The location is solely here to help us migraineurs, the location at the time of the migraine is compared with the weather stations records. It is a function requested by many.  Actually, if you wish you can deactivate the location for migraine buddy, in the android menus. Francois  Healint's co-founder & CEO 
Thank you Cynthia. Can i do anything to grab the missing star back? :-) Jenny
Dear Hillary, thank you for the suggestion! Do you mean you would like a .xls export with one column for each field? We're definitely looking into how we can improve the exports. Do write in to me at jenny@healint.com if you're able to provide some samples of what you mean! P.S. Do help us by updating this to a 5-star whenever you feel comfortable!
Hi Kelsi. Glad you like the app. You can enter notes in either the note section of the migraine record or in the daily sleep reco;-rd notes. Contact me at Jenny@healint.com for more information. Hope this will help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you so much Vashti! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back- 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
Hi Holli,  Could you try checking "Sleep Settings" under "Settings" screen to see if you have turned off the automatic sleep detection. If that still did not help, could you please write in to me at support@healint.com so that team could look into this for yo? Than you!
Thanks for your review Kat! We are glad that the app has been useful for you in detecting patterns in your migraines. If there is anything we can do to make this a 5 star app for you, please drop us some suggestions at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! Jenny
Thanks for your lovely review Amy! We are so happy to hear that Migraine Buddy has been helping you manage your migraines! We hope it continues like this and we would love to keep in touch with you for further exchange. Wishing you well! 
Dear Monica, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what we can do to make the app a 5 star experience for you? Your support is important to us, [lease let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi there, thanks for taking the time to leave a review :) Has the app helped you in detecting triggers in your migraines? If you have feedback on how we can improve, you can contact me at jenny@healint.com - Jenny
Thanks so much Christine! We are looking into a pain evolution feature and would love your feedback on it. Could you send me an email at jenny@healint.com to discuss further? I look forward to hearing your views on it :)
Thank you Sandra. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers! Jenny
Hi Neil, you can change the measure system from Menu/Settings and choose the metric or imperial system. Hope this is enough to grab the missing star :-) Jenny
Thank you Tess! But based on your note it seems that there is 'already' something in the app that you don't like. Could you please send me an email at jenny@healint.com? We could discuss deeper about it and find a solution! It could help to improve the app! Otherwise, if everything is fine, you can also update your note! :-) Thank a lot!
Thank you Amitabhh, we are working on finding the best way to report the pain intensity. Meanwhile you can timestamp any change in the note section of the migraine record.  The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thanks for your review Christina! Weather tracking is coming soon and we are looking into a daily tracker as well. You can follow these ideas here: http://goo.gl/VUrbqv and we will keep you updated! You can also email me at jenny@healint.com if you want to discuss further! I'd love to hear from you :)
Hi Benjamin, Thank you for your recomendation! We are launching a new update soon to increase the speed of launching and saving within the app. Please help us to update your review if you feel that the update has fixed the slowness for you.  If you have other suggestions for us, please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com
Thanks Julia! We are glad to hear you are liking the app! Thanks for your great suggestions as you can see here: http://goo.gl/vovdgs we have already begun working on some of them. You can view their update here. We'd love to get the one missing star back so please feel free to email me if you want to discuss further: jenny@healint.com :)
Dear Lisa, thank you for your review! 4 star reviews are for apps with minor problems, would you be able to let me know what we can do to earn the missing star? Perfect reviews are really important in supporting the development of the app! I hope to hear from you soon at jenny@healint.com
Thanks Victoria :) A fifth star would encourage our developers even more :) Jenny
Thanks so much for your review Emmy! Glad you like the app! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? I'd love to hear your thoughts- you can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
UPDATED: Thank you so much for your support Becky! Your review is a great reward for us!! What a lovely review Becky! Thanks so much!
Thank you so much Issac! Glad to hear you like the app and will continue to use it although we hope you don't have to. I see we missed one star in the rating and would love to know how we can earn it back? 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. Thanks for your feedback :)
Thanks for your feedback and suggestions Elaine! We are glad to hear that Migraine Buddy has been able to support you through your migraines. We hope it continues to do so! Wishing you well, Saulat
Thanks so much Marcia! We are so glad you like the app! I see we missed one star in the rating- I'd love to hear how we can improve for you?do you have some suggestions to make it a 5 star app? you can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much!
Louise, yes, we have this request a lot. But for now we were not satisfied with the first solutions we tested. I use the Note sections when I change something compared to usual (different dosage, different type of pain)  Does the removed star means that the application is not helpful enough as it is now? Francois
Hi Tab, I'm glad to hear that! If you have any suggestions on how we can improve the app, feel free to drop me an email at jenny@healint.com! I will be glad to discuss with you. Thanks so much for your review :) Jenny
Thank you for your kind words Cyndi. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you so much Frances. It's great to hear that the app is helping you figure out triggers and remedies. Hope it keeps helping! 
Thanks so much Carie! How can we earn the missing one star back? It would be great to hear your ideas! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Thanks so much Carrie! Please do come back and update us- we'd love to hear how we can earn the missing one star back! Your support and 5 stars will help us improve much faster!
Thank you very much for the review Christa!
Great to hear the app can help you Kristin! Thanks for supporting us!
Thank you Jodi, you can record any change during a migraine in the note section of the migraine record. This section also contain a timestamp to be more precise on when the change occurs. Jenny
Thank you Kerry! Glad you are liking the app and it is helping you! We are working on a testing prototypes for changes in pain intensity. If you want ot know more, please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster! Thank you :)
Thank you Jaime.Food tracking is a development that we considered adding to the app.  Please read more here: http://www.migrainebuddy.com/the-curse-of-migraine-food-tracking/ Instead, we have developed food tracking and coaching services to deal with food and migraines. Please read more here: https://migrainefoodcoaching.squarespace.com/ Jenny
Thank you Melisa! I see we missed one star in the rating. Is there some way we can improve to earn the missing star back? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve much faster so I'd love to hear your thoughts! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
Dear Courtney, we're glad you found the app helpful and easy to use. Did you encounter any bugs with the app? 4 stars reviews are usually indicate minor bugs with the app. If you've faced any issues in the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it for you. Thank you!
Thanks Jackie! Could you tell us what else could we offer so that Migraine Buddy becomes a 5 star app? Drop me an email at jenny@healint.com, your suggestions and feedback will help up in continually improving the app for our users :)
Thanks Joyce! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one?
Dear Asharafudeen,  Please send an email to contact@healint.com to get an early user access code.  Best Regards, Ali
Thank you for your support Crystal. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you Mary! The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers! Jenny
Hi Amber, thanks for your review! We hope the app is useful for both you and your daughter. Do you have any suggestions on how we can improve the app? Let me know at jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Thank you. Is there anything i can do to grab the 5th star? :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Roberta! We would love to know how we can make is 5 star app for you! 
Thank you Hailey Jo Kelly. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Wendy! I see we missed one star- how can we improve to make Migraine Buddy a 5 star app for you?
Thanks so much for the positive review Trixy! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? 5 stars helps us to improve much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. I would love to hear from you!
Hi Sabrina, glad to hear the  app is helping you and your doc! Thanks so much for your review! It would be great if you could share how we can make this a 5 star app for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve much faster :)
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Alivia, thanks for your review! We are looking into including a function to track pain intensity changes during a migraine. It would be great to get your feedback on it- could you send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further? We look forward to hearing from you! thanks!
Hi Susan! Glad to know that our app was helpful to you! Do help us by updating this rating whenever you feel comfortable! Perfect ratings would help us to go much faster. Your support and review means a lot to the team. Thanks very much :) If you have any suggestions for how we can do better, you can always let me know at jenny@healint.com.
Hi Amanda, thanks for your review. Could you send us an email at contact@healint.com so we can look into the sleep diary issue together? Thanks!
Thank you. How can i help you to grab back the missing star? :-) Jenny
Thank you Jolen! We are working on your suggestions at the moment and you should be able to see them soon in the app! 
Hi Lauren, Thank you for your review. Could you let us know what we can improve on to earn the last star? 5 star reviews would mean a lot to us in supporting the development of the app. Free feel to drop us a note at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Martha. Is there anything I can do to grab the fifth star? :-) Jenny
Thanks Hildanys! May we know how we can get the one missing star back? Do you have some suggestions for improvement? Please do post them here: http://goo.gl/IJoxuo
Hi Tara, we are working and testing prototypes for changes in pain intensity. This is a complex feature and thus needs to be tested before it is implemented. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. Thanks so much :)
Hi Nakita, you are able to track this manually in notes section, and there's timestamps for you to mention 10 am or 1 pm. If you need further assistance, I will be glad to help, just email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much for your review! :) - Jenny
Thank you Sandra! I see we missed one star- do you have any feedback on how we can improve to make it a 5 star app for you? 
Thanks so much Lisa!
Hi Alexandra, thanks for your detailed review! We'd love to provide widgets - we'll look into it and if it 's high enough priority we might make it happen. We really appreciate your support - we hope we are able to earn that one star back in future ;) Jenny
Hi Rachael, thank you for your feedback and sorry for the inconvenience. I see that the team is already working on your case. We will contact you soon! =)
Thanks so much for the review Drita. Could you please write to me about the bugs you experienced? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. I look forward to hearing from you!
Thank you very much Kimberly! Hope it helps your doc too!
Hi Dawn, we are looking into your suggestion! Would you like to give us some more feedback on what you would like to see? send us an email at contact@healint.com
Thank you Tracy. Is there anything i can do to grab the missing star back ? :-) Jenny
Thank you Jennifer! We are glad Migraine Buddy could help you understand your migraines better. I noticed we lost one star in the rating- how can we make it a 5 star app for you? Please feel free to email us at contact@healint.com to discuss further. Thanks!!
Thanks so much for your support Cindy!
Thank you for your feedback Andrew. Should you like to further discuss this point, feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com. Also, our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Do not hesitate to send me suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks very much Alexandra. Glad to read the app helps you and your doctor :) Jenny
Thanks Erik! Glad the app is helping you. How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars can help us improve the app much faster!
We wish to find out how we can better help you and earn the fifth star. Please contact me at jenny@healint.com to let me know! Jenny
Thank you! The fifth star would encouarge our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers!! :-) Jenny
Thanks Di! How can we make is 5 star app for you?
Thanks very much Rachel! I see we missed one star in the rating- is there anyway we can improve? You can email me at jenny@healint.com-I'd love to hear from you! Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app faster. Thanks!
Hi Pavi,  You can use "My Triggers" section to track help you to figure out your triggers! It is a place for you to track daily happenings e.g. weather, food etc. When you log a migraine, things which happened recently would be highlighted in the trigger selection. Let me know at jenny@healint.com if you need more help!
Thanks Di! How can we make is 5 star app for you?
Thanks JAe! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one? feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you!
Thanks so much Michelle! How can we make it a 5 star app for you?
Thank you J. Charles. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers.  Jenny :-)
Hi Yinka, I'm glad to hear the app has been helpful! If you have any suggestions on how we can improve the app, feel free to drop me an email at jenny@healint.com! I will be glad to discuss with you. Thanks so much for your review :) Jenny
Thanks Danielle! How can we make it a 5 star app for you? If you have some suggestions please do visit this forum : http://goo.gl/xdi8uW
Thanks Maya!! We are working on a feature to track pain variation and location. We are testing prototypes and will keep you updated on this. However, in the meantime, your support and  5 stars helps us to improve much faster! Thanks :)
Thanks Evan! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Mandi, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars, which usually indicates minor errors. Are you facing an issue at the moment? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! =)
Dear Brianna, thank you for your review! We're glad you liked it so far. Please help us by updating this review whenever you feel more comfortable with the app. 5 stars reviews would really help the team a lot and let us move faster with the app. If you have any thoughts/suggestions, I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Damilola. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Siobhan. The fifth stars would encourage our developers to work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Stéphanie. You can report your meals in the note section of the migraine record, or create a suspected food trigger button in the trigger list. Jenny
Hi Nicole, Please let us know how we can improve the app- I'd love to hear from you. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app further. Thanks!
Thank you Maria. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
We hope too Stacy! feel free to reach out to me if needing help: Jenny@healint.com It would be great to see this removed star come back too (ˆ_ˆ) it helps us in improving faster, and there is so much more we want to do and improve. Jenny
Hi Jo, you can track change in the note section of the migraine record. In the same place you also use the timestamp button on the top right corner to better manage your meds efficiency. Hope this will help you better track your migraines and hope it is enough to grab the missing star :-). Jenny
Thanks for your feedback Laura! Currently we are working on a way to track symptom changes. However, in the meantime you can record this and if your migraine is constant, intermittent etc. in the notes section. 4 stars brings down our average- 5 stars are very helpful in improving the app faster! Thanks a lot :) 
Thanks Angie! 
Hi Prakirti, The first two ideas can be found here: http://goo.gl/cSfIyn we would like to know more about how you would want to track the changes in intensity. After V.8.4, the email export should be working fine- we will look into it for you from our end! Anything else we can do to get 5/5 stars? 5 stars encourages us to keep improving faster!
Thank you for your support. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Dear Annemarie, This is great to read that you enjoy migraine buddy! Your suggestion is in our forum, you could vote for it and participate to the discussion: http://goo.gl/ZM784N You can see there how much was completed during the past months. By the way, the more stars the faster our developers. It would be great to get it back one day ;) Jenny
Thank you Desiree. You can always use the "not now" button just after having started a migraine. Then come back to fill in the different pages when you feel better. Feel free to contact me directly at jenny@healint.com if you need futher assistance. Jenny
Hi Jo, you can track change in the note section of the migraine record. In the same place you also use the timestamp button on the top right corner to better manage your meds efficiency. Hope this will help you better track your migraines and hope it is enough to grab the missing star :-). Jenny
Thanks so much Min! How can we earn the missing one star back? It would be great to hear your ideas! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Thanks Tarnya. The dark mode has been implemented on the IOS version of the app as a trial. The plan is to make it available on the Android one later.  Jenny
Thanks so much Caitlyn! We are working on the pain variation feature and testing prototypes. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us go much faster! Thanks so much :)
Thanks Maya!! We are working on a feature to track pain variation and location. We are testing prototypes and will keep you updated on this. However, in the meantime, your support and  5 stars helps us to improve much faster! Thanks :)
Hi Courtney, yes we are looking into including an additional tracker for food at the moment. You can see this idea here: http://bit.ly/1P8hfJH. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app faster. Thanks :)
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks Lori! Could you send me an email so we can discuss how you would like to modify the modification screen? My email me jenny@healint.com. 5 stars helps us in improving much faster! Thank you :)
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ Do drop me an email at jenny@healint.com so I can share with you more on how you can keep a record for your food. Thank you! =D
Hi Leanne, thanks for your review! If you have issues with the sleep detection, please feel free to contact support@healint.com, we will be glad to help you out. (You can prevent this inaccuracy by setting usual sleep times in My Profile and placing your phone on a stable surface when you sleep!) Jenny
Thanks Katrina! How can we make Migraine Buddy a 5 star app for you?
Thanks CJ. Do come back and share your thoughts as we'd love to know how we can get the one star back. your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app. :)
Thanks Nicole! how can we earn the missing one star back? We'd love to hear from you! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app faster and faster. Thanks so much :)
Dear Bonnie, Thank you for taking the time to write this comment. the button feedback in the app gives you access to the place for suggestions (http://goo.gl/8psS1O) and no worry, your requests are already high on the list. A 5/5 here would not make become lazy (*^_^*) actually, the higher the average rating the more motivated we are.
Thank you Jason. Anything I can do to grab the fifth star? :-) Jenny
Thank you! How can i help you and grab the missing star? :-) Jenny
Hi Leah, thanks for your feedback! Could you please email me at jenny@healint.com and I can help you look into the sleep diary issue. Thanks so much for your patience!
Thank you for your feedback. Do you also use the timestamp feature in the note section? it will make the information more visible in the doctor's report.  The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Thank you Madison. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thankss sooooooooo much for making our day with this awesome review Etherial! We are so happy the app is helping you. :)
Hi Amanda, thanks for your review. Could you send us an email at contact@healint.com so we can look into the sleep diary issue together? Thanks!
Thanks for your review Catherine! If you have any suggestions on how we can make Migraine Buddy a 5-star app for you, please drop us an email at jenny@healint.com :)
Thanks Dhanashree! Great to hear you find it useful. May we know why the missing one star- 5/5 is super encouraging for us. Helps us keep getting better and better!
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you Kay. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free application the perfect tool for people with migraine. :-) Jenny
Hi Corrie, thanks for your review! I hope you can contact me at jenny@healint.com so we can discuss how we can make it a 5-star app for you. We want to make our users happy ^^ Jenny
Hi Melissa, thanks for your feedback. Yes we are still trying to tweak the City Buddy and this helps! Do you know many migraine sufferers in your area? In the meantime, your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. THanks!
Thanks so much LeTrese! Glad to hear the app is helping you. I see we missed one star in the rating. How can we make it a 5 star app for you? Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster :)
Thank you Michelle, for the feedback. You can actually add items under many area. click on "Add new" (sadly you can not erase it for now, therefore do not put the name of a family member as a trigger). You can also use the Note area in the summary at the end. Do you have other ideas? maybe can you explain me at francois@healint.com ?  
Thanks Sarah, that feature is most requested here: http://goo.gl/XcIJM7 and we are looking into it. For now, maybe you can try using the notes section? We will keep you updated on this idea!
Thank you Richard. Anything I can do to grab the fifth star? :-) Jenny
Thanks so much! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? Feel free email me at jenny@healint.com! I look forward to hearing from you :)
Hi Kamil, I just tested the next version coming up, and the speed problem is totally gone!  Please be patient and try out our new update when it comes out in 1 or 2 weeks. If it solves your problem, please help us out by updating your review! :-) In the meantime, if you need further assistance, please feel free to contact us at jenny@healint.com
Thanks lynette! Sorry to hear about your daughter's migraines.  We did a check, multi-user function is very challenging, until we finish developing it you may have changed for a new phone and given the old one to your daughter. If you have an ipad at home, the ipad version is coming. anything else we can do to get five stars from you?  
Thanks so much Kristin! Hope the app is able to help- feel free to email me if you have any questions: jenny@healint.com. Happy Holidays!
Hi Kristoffer, We'd love to hear more about your comment. Which prompts would you want to remove? Please send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further. We look forward to your feedback.
Thank you Kate! Anything I can do to grab the missing star then? :-) Jenny
Dear Maureen, if you would like to add new triggers, you could always use the "Add New" functionality at the bottom of the screen to customize your own triggers. If my suggestion helped, please help us by updating your review =) Else, do help me better understand your situation at jenny@healint.com so I can give better suggestions. Thank you!
Thank you for using MigraineBuddy, Priya. We are glad that it has been helpful for you. Please contact me at jenny@healint.com and let me know how I can further assist you and earn the missing stars. Jenny
Thanks so much A! We are so glad you like the app and that it is helping you and your doctor as well. May we know how we can improve to make it a 5 star app for you? We would love your feedback.
Thank you Heather. Anything I can do to grab the fifth star ? :-) Jenny
We're glad to hear that the app helped you to track and see patterns in your migraines. Could you let me know what you mean by "more management"? The missing star means a lot to the team. Do let me know what we can do/change to earn the missing star at jenny@healint.com. =) Thank you!
Thanks very much Lisa! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thanks very much Hunny :) A fifth star would actually encourage our developers very much in keeping up with the hard work of improving the app further :) Jenny
Thank You Daniel! An export function will be available very soon within the app, however,if you will be visiting your doctor soon you send an email to contact@healint.com to ask for a listing of your migraine entries. The app is currently not designed for tablets, however, if you have a sim card, it can work. Take care!
Thank you for your feedack. All the Migraine Buddy data is saved on our server, not on your phone. There is an issue with Samsung devices at the moment so if you have one please contact me at Jenny@healint.com and i will help you fix the problem. Jenny
Hi Vickie, thanks for the review! You can easily print your reports by going to export in the drop down menu and emailing your report to yourself.
Hi Chandra,  Thank you for your suggestion. A medication tracker is definitely one of the ideas that we will look into in the future. Right now, we are prioritizing the development of other more urgently requested feature e.g. tracking pain intensity. If you have any other suggestions, please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com
Hi Cathy! You can still add information about your menstruation. You can add ovulation or menstruation as a trigger in ''Triggers" or add more information in the "Notes" screen. Email me at jenny@healint.com and let me know how I can further assist you and earn the missing stars. Jenny
Thank  you, the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who are working hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you for your kind review, Kylie! You're absolutely right! In fact, a variation of pain intensity is one of the most requested addition. While we try to make that a reality, you can update your pain level in the Notes section of the migraine record, using the time stamp located at the top right-hand corner of the screen. =)
Dear Bonnie, The new function "Daily trigger" may be of some help here to record daily the main state of the continuous headache. For example create 3 buttons to record daily the presence, absence, intensity of this continuous headache...  Feel free to come and talk about it on our facebook chat: http://m.me/migrainebuddy Jenny
Hi Dorothy! Glad to know you're liking your initial experience of the app. Do help us by updating this rating whenever you feel comfortable! Perfect ratings would help us to go much faster. Your support and review means a lot to the team. Thanks very much :) If you have any questions, you can let me know at jenny@healint.com.
Dear Bonnie, Thank you for taking the time to write this comment. the button feedback in the app gives you access to the place for suggestions (http://goo.gl/8psS1O) and no worry, your requests are already high on the list. A 5/5 here would not make become lazy (*^_^*) actually, the higher the average rating the more motivated we are.
Thank you for your kind review, Shari! Glad to know that Migraine Buddy is making it easier for you to keep your doctor informed! What improvement do you think is needed so that we can earn the last star? :) Jenny
Thanks for your review and suggestions, Anindita! Could you drop me an email at jenny@healint.com and I can let you know how you can use the current features in the app to track medication independently of a migraine! Thank you :) - Jenny
Thanks so much Jade!
Thank you for your feedback. Jenny
Thank you Claire. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Emma!
Hi Nakita, you are able to track this manually in notes section, and there's timestamps for you to mention 10 am or 1 pm. If you need further assistance, I will be glad to help, just email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much for your review! :) - Jenny
Thank you Carl. Hope the app will give you enough satisfaction to come back and update your review with the missing star :-) Jenny
Hi Janice, thanks for your review! Could you send us an email at contact@healint.com so we can help you with the battery issues. The app uses about 3-5% on most phones however we can investigate further for you. Thanks a lot!
Thank you for your kind words. Our goal is to deliver a 5* service to our users. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Dear Vanessa,  Sorry to hear about your migraines. Please send an email to contact@healint.com to get an early user access code.  Best Regards,  Ali
Thank you for your support. Is there anything I can do to grab the 5th star :-) ? Jenny
Thank you so much for supporting us Karen!
Thanks so much Angela! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thank you Tracy. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com with suggestions that would help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Amanda, thanks for your review! Glad you found Migraine Buddy. We are actually working on changes in pain intensity and if you would like to know more about it, feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. your support and 5 stars from you will help us improve the app faster! Thanks very much!
Dear Catherine, can you contact me at Jenny@healint.com? I will solve that with you in no time. If you just updated the app and had many records, it may be that you need to wait 30s for the synchronisation and check of data. with the addition of the weather information we had to rethink how the data is stored on the phone.
Thanks for your review and suggestion Joseph. This is a good idea- are you trying to figure out your triggers? Has your doctor suggested that you record details on migraine free days as well? It would be great to discuss more with you on this. Kindly check your email as well. Wishing you well!
Dear Tina, have you set your phone as the main device for sleep tracking? You will have to swipe down on the "Sleep Records" screen and enable it as the main device. if you are still facing problems or need more help, please reach out to me at jenny@healint.com. I'm sure we can make sleep tracking work for you again ^^
Thanks for your feedback Natasha! Currently we are looking into adding food triggers. :)
Hi Rara,  Thank you for calling us "great"! Most great apps on Play Store get 5 star rating. Could you let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? The missing star is really important to us and would help the development of new features for the app. Please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com! Thank you!
Hi Putra, thanks so much for your review! It would be great to know how we can earn the one star back? Can we improve some how? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars really helps us improve faster! Thank you :)
Hi Nicole! You'll be happy to know that many users like you did highlight that. We're still trying to find the right balance to incorporate Fitbit with Migraine Buddy. If you have more suggestions how we can improve, do let me know at jenny@yhealint.com! =D
Thank you Rea. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app  and help me grab the missing star back. Jenny
Thanks Malini! Can you write to us at contact@healint.com to tell us which period tracker you use? We are looking into syncing Migraine Buddy with other apps. And yes, you are right, Periods can have a tricky relation with migraines. Did you record yourself as a woman in the app? It will then ask you questions about your periods too.
Thank you so much Issac! Glad to hear you like the app and will continue to use it although we hope you don't have to. I see we missed one star in the rating and would love to know how we can earn it back? 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. Thanks for your feedback :)
Hi Heather, We're happy to hear that our app was helpful for you to track migraines. 4 star review indicates minor problems with the app. Would you be able to let us know what we can do to earn that missing star? 5 star reviews are important to us and supports the development of the app. I would love to hear back from you at jenny@healint.com
Thank you Karen! The team is thinking about medication calendar and would love to hear more feedback on what sort of design would make most sense to users. Could you drop me a note at jenny@healint.com to discuss this further and elaborate what you would like to see in this medication calendar?
Thank you! If you have any suggestions for how we may improve the app, please let me know anytime at jenny@healint.com.
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Dave, thanks for giving Migraine Buddy a chance in managing your migraines! We hope you will return after using it for some time to let us know if there's anything we can do to earn the one star back ^^ If you need any help, you can email me for assistance! jenny@healint.com Jenny
Thank you Cynthia. Can i do anything to grab the missing star back? :-) Jenny
Thank you Amy, the coming update will give you the opportunity to record medical history.  Hope this will help grab the missing star. :-) Jenny
Thank you Charlotte. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Dear Sougat,  We are sorry to hear about your disappointment. We limited access to the app because we are worried that some people would misuse it. Until we release a lite version that is less restricted, we will be happy to offer you an early user access code. Please send an email to contact@healint.com to get it.  Best Regards, Ali
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Vanessa! Glad to know the app is helping you keep up with your migraines. Please help us by letting us know what we can do to make this a 5-star experience for you. Perfect ratings would help us to go much faster. I look forward to hearing from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Sara. The fifth star would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you for your feedback Bianca,  The location is solely here to help us migraineurs, the location at the time of the migraine is compared with the weather stations records. It is a function requested by many.  Actually, if you wish you can deactivate the location for migraine buddy, in the android menus. Francois  Healint's co-founder & CEO 
Hi Shannon, you can add this as a manual entry under the 'symptoms' tab and it will appear on subsequent migraine records. Hope this helps! Your 5-star reviews would really help us to improve the functionality of the app for our users. :) - Jenny
Hi there, we're glad the app helped you! ^^ Did you encounter a problem with the app? 4 stars are for apps with minor problems. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Kristoffer, We'd love to hear more about your comment. Which prompts would you want to remove? Please send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further. We look forward to your feedback.
Dear Tina, have you set your phone as the main device for sleep tracking? You will have to swipe down on the "Sleep Records" screen and enable it as the main device. if you are still facing problems or need more help, please reach out to me at jenny@healint.com. I'm sure we can make sleep tracking work for you again ^^
Thank you Jasmine! Glad you find the app helpful! Is there anything i can do to grab the missing star back? Jenny
Thanks Erik! Glad the app is helping you. How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars can help us improve the app much faster!
Dear Nicki, I fully understand, I also wished it could already do all that. You can vote for ideas similar to yours on our forum: goo.gl/IGRBQW and add your comments in it. As you can see most are started. Actually removing a star does not make us go program faster, rather the opposite as we also manage to do more with more users. (ˆ_ˆ) Jenny
Thanks for the feedback Kate! Yes, it must be frustrating to have the app asking you if it was a period of sleep... while you were working hard. For your case (shutting down the phone for hours) the auto-detection may not learn that fast yet. You may wait to deactivate it. It should help you, not become a frustration. Keep up! Francois
Hi Krystle, Thanks for your review! You can add more options for each category and customize to your requirements. You can do this by tapping Add New. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster. Thanks!
Hi Diane, we are working on the best way to export the sleep note and hope to be able to do so in the near future. Jenny
Thank you for your support and kind words Tiny Head. As our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Samantha,  We've released a new update and it should improve the performance of the app for you. When the update is available in your country, please try it and help us by updating this to a perfect review when the app works better for you! Thank you!
Dear MaryLynn, could you check your phone settings to see if your language is set as English(US)? Then log out, uninstall then reinstall and log in again and check if this solves your problem? ^^ If this helps, please help us by updating this review. Thank you! If you need more details, you can reach out to me at jenny@healint.com
Thanks so much Kayla! I see we missed one star in the rating and would love to know how we can earn it back. Was there any disappointment you faced? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Support from you and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster!
Hi Juliet, thanks for your comment. You can see your sleep pattern over time and if it could be a trigger for your migraine. Since migraines have very specific symptoms, maybe you can record what you think is a headache and show your doctor your entry to determine whether it was a headache or migraine. 
Thank you so much!
Thanks for your review Nicole! We hope that the app can help you in managing your migraines. If you have any suggestions on how we can improve the input interface, drop me an email at jenny@healint.com. :) - Jenny
Thank you very much Sara!
Hi Alexander, for technical problem the best is to contact me via e-mail at Jenny@healint.com or via chat on our facebook chat (on top of the page: www.facebook.com/migrainebuddy/ ) - Jenny
Thank you very much for your encouragement and support Monica!
Hi Diane, we are working on the best way to export the sleep note and hope to be able to do so in the near future. Jenny
Dear Vanessa,  Sorry to hear about your migraines. Please send an email to contact@healint.com to get an early user access code.  Best Regards,  Ali
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you for your feedack. All the Migraine Buddy data is saved on our server, not on your phone. There is an issue with Samsung devices at the moment so if you have one please contact me at Jenny@healint.com and i will help you fix the problem. Jenny
Hi Helen! Thank you for your ratings. I'm glad you found the app helpful. If you have any suggestions how we can make the app better, please share with me at jenny@healint.com! =D
Dear Shuan, we're glad you like the app! ^^ Did you encounter a problem with the app? 4 stars are for apps with minor problems. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Heidi. Doctors do not recommend to have such 1shot button as this will prevent users from recording any changes that might make the difference in term of diagnostic and treatment. Jenny
Dear Tracey,  Thanks for contacting us at contact@healint.com. We hope you have successfully used the access code by now.
Thank you Andrei. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks very much Carissa! yes tracking changes in the migraine is a very popular requested feature and you can view it here: http://goo.gl/k3cAe8 We would love to hear more about your tracking needs- please send us an email at jenny@healint.com so we can discuss further with you! Thanks!
Hi Mary, you can easily export your report by going to the drop down menu and choosing export. You can then email the report to your self or your doctor. Please email us at contact@healint.com if you need any help with this. Thanks for your review :)
Thank you Maggie! Glad the app is helping in communication with your doctor! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? I'd love to hear your thoughts- email me at jenny@healint.com at any time :) thanks!
Thank you so much Hazel!
Dear Marko, thank you for the feedback. We're looking into how we may sync with other apps/device. The key challenge is really to understand how we should map the information from all these external sources meaningfully into categories or onto the migraines. If you have more thoughts on this, do chat with me here: http://m.me/migrainebuddy =)
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you for your review Monica. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com . I will then assist you with setting up the sleep tracker and hopefully grab the missing star back. :-) Jenny
Thank you so much Tara! Glad you like the app and the new update. I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we earn it back? We'd love to hear from you! 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster and add new features like the weather much faster. Thanks!
Thank you very much Jody! How can we earn the missing one star back? It would be great to hear your ideas! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Hi James, not sure i understand what you mean but feel free to share your concerns with me at Jenny@healint.com. Jenny
Thanks so much Tracy!
Thank you Rachel. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Stacey. The fifth star would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Jocelyn! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thanks Nicole! We'd love to know how we can make it a 5 star app for you-how do you think we can improve? You can email me at jenny@healint.com  with your ideas. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thank you :)
Thank you! The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ Can you share with me more on what you mean by logging in your sleep feelings at jenny@healint.com? I'm very interested to know your idea! Thanks! =D
Hi Diana,  Great to know that you found Migraine Buddy useful. Would you be able to let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? (^^) 5 star reviews are extremely important to support the development of new features for the app. Please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Jennine. You can add as medication as you wish to in the app. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance. Jenny
Hi there, we're glad the app helped you! ^^ Did you encounter a problem with the app? 4 stars are for apps with minor problems. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Pearl for this feedback! But based on your note it seems that there is something in the app that you don't like, is it right? :-) If yes, could you please contact me at jenny@healint.com? We could discuss deeper about it and find a solution! Otherwise, if everything is fine, you can also update your note! :-) Thank a lot!
Hi Debra, thanks very much for your review! Please do come back and let us know what you think of the app- we'd love to get the one star back as 5 stars helps us to improve the app faster for you. Thanks :)
Hi Merna, how can we improve the app for you to make it a 5 star one? Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve much faster! Thanks
Thanks you very much Louise. I see we missed a star. How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Hello Laura, and thank you for the feedback! Right now, logging preventative medications is possible in the notes section. Please let us know how we can earn that extra star. Feel free to email me any time at jenny@healint.com and I would be happy to answer answer any questions you have:)
Welcome to the Migraine Buddy community! Hope the app will help you enough for us to grab the fifth star :-) Jenny
Dear Daniel, the location data is used to provide you with more accurate weather info for your migraines because there are cities so big that weather could differ drastically within the same city at the same time. If this answer helped, please help me by updating this review. If you have other reservations, do let me know at jenny@healint.com
Thank you! If you have any suggestions for how we may improve the app, please let me know anytime at jenny@healint.com.
Thank you Sharon! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? I'd love to hear your thoughts. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. 5 stars really helps us improve. Thank you :)
Thank you Carl. Hope the app will give you enough satisfaction to come back and update your review with the missing star :-) Jenny
Thank you for the great comment! It would be great to have a chat to know what made you remove a star? Were you disappointed? did you face an unexpected problem?
Thanks Julie! We are looking into including more pain locations and will keep you updated!
Thank you for your updated review Sarah. We had a service downtime issue with our Weather service provider for a few hours yesterday but it should now be back up and running globally. I think I have already sent you an email about it. Anyway, please contact me at jenny@healint.com if it still does not work for you. Kind regards, Jenny
Thank you for your feedback Monica. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance with the app. Jenny
Thank you Michael. If there is anything we can do to improve your Migraine Buddy experience or if you've faced any issues in the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it for you. Thank you! Jenny
Hi Zachariah, the best way to track this as a potential trigger in Migraine Buddy is to add a button in your daily tracker list as "missed adhd medication". Hope this will help enough to grab the 5th star :-) Jenny
Thank you for your feedback Andrew. Should you like to further discuss this point, feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com. Also, our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Do not hesitate to send me suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Clara, Thanks so much for your review! We are glad that Migraine Buddy has been able to help you. Thanks for your suggestion- currently we are reviewing how best to include this feature in the app. You can also view the progress of this idea here http://migrainebuddy.uservoice.com/forums/253148-leave-feedback . Wishing you well! 
Hi Sandra, I'm glad you like certain features! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars, which usually indicates minor errors. Are you facing an issue at the moment? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! =)
Thank you very much Alicia!!
Thank you! Feel free to let me know what i can do to grab the missing star back :-)Jenny
Thank you Shauntrice. We are working on a better way to track mentruation cycles in the app. Meanwhile the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this FREE :-) app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Al, we are working on Android 9 compatibility that we are working on. Please bear with us. Jenny
Thank you Melisa! I see we missed one star in the rating. Is there some way we can improve to earn the missing star back? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve much faster so I'd love to hear your thoughts! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
Thank you Brent. What can i do to grab the fifth star? :-) Jenny
Hi Aimee, thanks very much for your review!Could you send me an email about the sleep diary at jenny@healint.com? I will help you out right away. Usually, it will be about making a few adjustments which can help the diary work more accurately! In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us to improve the app much faster! Thank you :)
Thanks for the review! I see we lost one star in the rating- is there anyway we can improve the app to make it a 5 star app for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com to discuss- I'd love to hear from you :)
Dear Bonnie, Thank you for taking the time to write this comment. the button feedback in the app gives you access to the place for suggestions (http://goo.gl/8psS1O) and no worry, your requests are already high on the list. A 5/5 here would not make become lazy (*^_^*) actually, the higher the average rating the more motivated we are.
Thank you! The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Wow thank you so much Jen!! this is so encouraging for us! We are so glad the app has been able to help!
Dear Aemery, do help us by updating this review when you feel more comfortable with the app. Do let us know as well at jenny@healint.com if you've faced bugs in the app as 4 stars are usually reserved for apps with minor bugs. Please let me know so I can get the team to look into it and prevent the same thing from happening with other users. :)
Thank you! How can i help you and grab the missing star? :-) Jenny
Thank you for your kind words Alison. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thanks CJ! Glad you like the app! I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?? You can email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you! Thanks!
Dear Angela, thank you for your review. I hope you can help us updating the rating when you feel more comfortable with the app. =) If you have suggestions on how we may improve to earn the missing star, please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Desirae, The team is working on prototyping tracking pain intensity. In the meantime, you can track changes in pain intensity in the notes section of the migraine. The notes section has a timestamp function that lets you take note of the pain intensity. If you need more help, please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com
Thanks Sue! We hope you can come back let us know what you thought- we'd love to know how we can earn the missing one star back. Five stars helps us to improve much faster! Thanks very much :)
Dear Tracey, 4 stars usually indicate small problems =( Could you help us understand what is the problem so we can try to fix it for you? Perfect reviews will help us move much faster in developing new features for the app. I hope to hear back from you at jenny@healint.com
Hi Prakirti, The first two ideas can be found here: http://goo.gl/cSfIyn we would like to know more about how you would want to track the changes in intensity. After V.8.4, the email export should be working fine- we will look into it for you from our end! Anything else we can do to get 5/5 stars? 5 stars encourages us to keep improving faster!
Hi there, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what we can do to make the app a 5 star experience for you? Your support is important to us. Please let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks for the review Shawna! Glad that you like the app! We are working on including a pain level tracker. This is a complex feature and we are working hard on testing it before implementing. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app! Thanks very much :)
Thank you for your feedback Kyle. I would love to know the improvements you would like to see in the app. Feel free to contact me directly at Jenny@healint.com to share your suggestions. Jenny
Thank you for your support. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi George, thanks for the feedback! We hope that you will come back update us- we would love to know how we can earn the one missing star back. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster. Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com if you need any help. Thanks a lot!
Dear Kasandra, could you share more about what you find hard to use at first? I would love to hear more about your experience at jenny@healint.com. That way, I can pass on your feedback to the team and we can fix those things for future newcomers.
Thanks so much Lindsey!
Dear Jody, we're glad you found the app easy to use ^^ Did you encounter a problem with the app? 4 stars are for apps with minor problems. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Pearl for this feedback! But based on your note it seems that there is something in the app that you don't like, is it right? :-) If yes, could you please contact me at jenny@healint.com? We could discuss deeper about it and find a solution! Otherwise, if everything is fine, you can also update your note! :-) Thank a lot!
Thank you Angeni. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for Migraine Sufferers! :-) Jenny
Thanks a lot Natalie!! I see we missed one star in the rating- did you feel disappointed in the app some how? Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com about how we can improve the app for you. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve faster! Thanks :)
Hi Ray, thanks very much for  your review and we really appreciate your feedback. We are glad that the app helps, and want to know how we can earn that extra star! We are happy to answer any specific questions you have about Migraine Buddy's functionalities; please let us know how we can help! You can always reach us at jenny@healint.com.
Hi Amber, thanks for your review! We hope the app is useful for both you and your daughter. Do you have any suggestions on how we can improve the app? Let me know at jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Thank you so much Vashti! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back- 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
Hi Lynsey, You can use the note section of the migraine report to record any change during a migraine. You can even use the time stamp to record the exact time of the change. Hope this is enough to grab the missing star back :-)- Jenny
Hi Rara,  Thank you for calling us "great"! Most great apps on Play Store get 5 star rating. Could you let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? The missing star is really important to us and would help the development of new features for the app. Please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com! Thank you!
Thank you Shanda.After recording a few migraines, the app will show you your most frequent trigger  If there is anything we can do to improve your Migraine Buddy experience or if you face any issues in the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it for you.Thank you! Jenny
Thanks Kalpana! How can we improve Migraine Buddy to make it a 5 star app for you? you can email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you!
Hi Cassandre, glad you like the app! If you like it even more after continuous use, do give us one more star in your rating! ^^ If not, you can email me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions on how we can improve. - Jenny
Thank you Sara. The fifth star would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Great to hear Amber! I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? I'd love to hear from you- please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com! Thanks :)
Hi E, we are working on your suggestion and would love to hear more from you! Feel free to send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further! Thanks.
Thanks Allison! Glad you like the app! It would be great to know how we can get the missing star back? Did you face any disappointment with the app? Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com and I'd love to hear your views. Your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app faster and faster! Thanks :)
Thank you so much Tara! Glad you like the app and the new update. I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we earn it back? We'd love to hear from you! 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster and add new features like the weather much faster. Thanks!
Thanks Leslie! We are working on including changes in pain intensity. For now, have you tried to record this information in the notes section? We will keep you updated!
Thank you for the review. This would normaly be a 5 star one. Is there anything i can do to get the missing star? :-)Jenny
Thank you Kelsey! What would make you like it so much that you would give it a fifth star? Jenny
We're glad you love the app so far Kiana ^^. I've noticed you've rated us 4 stars which indicate minor problems with the app. May I know what we can do to earn the missing star? Please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Dear Amy, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what we can do to earn the missing start? Perfect reviews are important to support the team. Please let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Angie,  Thank you for loving the app :) Could you let us know what the app can improve on to earn the missing star? The missing star is really important to speeding up the development of new features for the app. Please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com! Thank you!
Hi Christine, thanks for your review! Glad to hear the app is helping you. How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve much faster!
Thank you for your support, Donna. What can I do to grab the missing star then? :) Jenny
Thank you Patricia! How could we make this a 5 star app for you?
Thank you for your suggestion Emma. Alternatively, you can add any relevant information in the Notes section of the migraine record. :-) The fifth star would encourage our hardworking developers who make this free app the perfect tool for  migraines sufferers. Jenny
Hi Amy, I'm glad you find the app great! You can create a new account on a separate device. That way, you can track both your son's and your migraines at the same time. I hope my suggestion helps. Let me know if you require further assistance at jenny@healint.com. I'll be happy to assist you further! =)
Great to hear the app can help you Kristin! Thanks for supporting us!
Thanks Kayla! We are looking into this feature right now! Could you email me at jenny@healint.com and maybe we can test it out together with you. Thanks so much!
Thanks for your review Christina! Weather tracking is coming soon and we are looking into a daily tracker as well. You can follow these ideas here: http://goo.gl/VUrbqv and we will keep you updated! You can also email me at jenny@healint.com if you want to discuss further! I'd love to hear from you :)
Thanks very much Willow! How can we improve for you to make Migraine Buddy a 5 star app?
Claire, You can actually add as many triggers as you wish, remove, reorganize and search triggers most common to others too. I hope it helps and if so, it would be great to give the missing star back the star to our hard-working engineer to encourage them! Contact me if anything at Jenny@healint.com
Hi Helena, thank you for your lovely and encouraging review! We're happy to hear that the app has been able to help you to take control.  To export your data, you can go to "settings" on the top left of your home screen, click "export", and email to yourself or your doctor.  
Thanks for the feedback Jayne! We are looking into recording different levels of pain at the moment. This is a complex feature and we would love your feedback on it. Please do send us an email at jenny@healint.com so we can discuss further. Thanks!
Dear Tara, you can download the Migraine Impact Report in the Budddy section. Hope this will help. Jenny
Dear Rebekah, thank you for taking the time to leave us a review =) Please help us by updating this review whenever you feel comfortable. Your support and 5 stars will help us to keep improving the app! I'll be happy to hear your thoughts and suggestions for the app at jenny@healint.com
Thank you for the perfect review! I'm glad you find the app helpful! Please feel free to reach out to me at jenny@healint.com anytime with feedback or suggestions for how we may improve the app! =D
Thanks Latisha! We'd love to hear how we can make this a 5 star app for you! Please email us at contact@healint.com- we look forward to your feedback!
Thank you for your feedback Monica. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance with the app. Jenny
Hi Maria! Thank you for your feedback! You'll be happy to know that the app does not take up much space on your device as all data are stored in the server. Kindly send me an email at jenny@healint.com if you have further queries. =)
Dear Jo, Great to hear that our app was simple to use. :-) 4 star reviews indicates that the app has minor problems. Would you be able to let us know what problems you faced when using the app so we can earn back the missing star? Please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com. I hope to hear from you soon. Thank you!
Hi Amanda, Great to know that our app managed to help another migraine sufferer and improve their treatment. May I ask how we can improve to be worthy of 5 stars from you? 5 stars ratings means a lot to us and will help a lot in supporting the development of the app. If you have any suggestions, please let us know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Dear Tammy, we're glad to hear the app has made tracking easier for you. Could I check if you encountered any issue with the app? 4 star reviews usually for app with minor bugs and we do take user experience seriously. Could you write to me at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to help you troubleshoot it for you? Thank you!
Thank you Alice. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Joanne,. We have plans to synchronize with other app but this needs time. Please bear with us while we are working on it. Jenny
Dear Travis, thank you for your review. I hope you can help us updating the rating when you feel more comfortable with the app. =) If you have suggestions on how we may improve to earn the missing star, please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Jill, good to hear that you are satisfied.  It makes me sad to see that you removed a start though, it is reduces the average rating visible to potential users. We want to give more functions in the app, but if the present version is not working perfectly we need to polish the existing functions! I am here to help if anything.  Jenny@healint.com
Thank you Damilola. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Damilola. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you! The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance with the app. Jenny
Dear Christine, We considered this possibility but many Android phones do have occasional bugs when using the SD cards. It can create a security problem or a loss of data. Those data are very important for you, and unique. We will only do it as soon as we confirm that Android became reliable on that! Francois
Thank you Janne. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance with the app. Jenny
Hi Rachelle, thank you for your support. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need assistance with the app. I'd be delighted to help you. Jenny
Hi Tab, I'm glad to hear that! If you have any suggestions on how we can improve the app, feel free to drop me an email at jenny@healint.com! I will be glad to discuss with you. Thanks so much for your review :) Jenny
Thank you for your feedback. I would love to know more about what you are expecting in term of preventatives medication. Feel free to come back to me directly at jenny@healint.com with further description of your expectations.  Wishing you a great holiday season. Jenny
Great to hear it is helping Cindy! Thanks so much for your support :)
Hi Claire, thanks for your feedback! It would be great to know how we can fine tune the app and improve it for you. Your feedback will be very helpful. You can email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you!
Thank you Cecily. Anything i can do to grab the missing star ? :-) Jenny
Dear Rebekah, thank you for taking the time to leave us a review =) Please help us by updating this review whenever you feel comfortable. Your support and 5 stars will help us to keep improving the app! I'll be happy to hear your thoughts and suggestions for the app at jenny@healint.com
Hi Kris, Thank very much for your review! We are working hard on a prototype for changing pain intensity- would you like to help us test it out? Your feedback would be very helpful! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. 5 stars really encourages us to go faster- it would be great to hear if we can make it a 5 star app in any other way as well. :)
Hi Nicole, Please let us know how we can improve the app- I'd love to hear from you. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app further. Thanks!
Hi Holly, Sorry to hear about your migraines.Thanks so much for your review- I see we were one star short of a high-five! How can we improve the app for you? 
Thank you for your support Amy. Have you tried to create an attack type with your postdrome? You could describe them and get them recorded this way. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for more suggestions or advise. I'll be happy to assist you and hopefully grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Dear Jan, It is great to hear that the pre-set questions are helping you. (you can also skip some if you wish). And feel free to add more information in the Notes, I am sure you have more to record. You can see the coming function here: http://goo.gl/8psS1O Your requests requires more votes. I will send you some links to good period trackers.  
Hi Linda, we are glad you like the weather feature! If you have suggestions on how we can make it a better app for you, please email me at jenny@healint.com, I'd love to hear your thoughts! Thanks so much for your review :) - Jenny
Hi Ronnie,, thank you for your support. The dark mode is already available in the Buddies page, we are implementing this step by step. Hope this will help me grab the missing star. Jenny
Hi Diana, Supporting users to track changes in triggers for longer migraines is something which the team is still working on. For now, I would recommend using the "My Notes" section as a place for you to log the changes in pain level, weather, medication etc. If you need further assistance, please let us know at jenny@healint.com
Thank you Cara! How can we make it a five star app for you?
Dear Tina, have you set your phone as the main device for sleep tracking? You will have to swipe down on the "Sleep Records" screen and enable it as the main device. if you are still facing problems or need more help, please reach out to me at jenny@healint.com. I'm sure we can make sleep tracking work for you again ^^
Dear Nicole, thank you for your review, and happy to see that the app helps you. Sadly it was so much effort to make it work on the thousands of variations of screen size just in vertical mode... Fully redesigning and testing in horizontal mode would take us so long that you will have changed for a new phone. Is it the reason of the removed star?
Thank you Ken!! How can we improve Migraine Buddy to make it a 5 star app for you? 
Glad you find it helpful!
Thank you Amy, The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Dear Genea, I'm glad to hear that you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Louise, Thanks for your feedback! Please visit http://migrainebuddy.uservoice.com to leave us suggestions or vote for ideas that appeal to you the most. We look forward to hearing from you! Kind Regards, Saulat
Hi there, I'm glad you like the app! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Niki. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for Migraine Sufferers. Jenny
Thank you for your support. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Dave, thanks for giving Migraine Buddy a chance in managing your migraines! We hope you will return after using it for some time to let us know if there's anything we can do to earn the one star back ^^ If you need any help, you can email me for assistance! jenny@healint.com Jenny
Hi Nicole! You'll be happy to know that many users like you did highlight that. We're still trying to find the right balance to incorporate Fitbit with Migraine Buddy. If you have more suggestions how we can improve, do let me know at jenny@yhealint.com! =D
Hi Erin, we are working hard on a feature to change the pain level! You can email me at jenny@healint.com for more information. your support and 5 stars will encourage us to bring improvements to the app faster. Thank you
Hi Alecia, you can identify possible food triggers using "My Triggers" (bottom left icon on the home screen). Add and track all the different types of food you eat daily. When you have a migraine, your  recently eaten food will be highlighted when you are asked to choose your triggers. Do help us update your review if this solves your problem!
Thank you very much Cindy! It would be great to know how we can earn th emissing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! I would love to hear from yoU! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thanks for your review Lathelma! Could you let us know how we can make it a 5 star app for you? You can drop me an email at jenny@healint.com with your suggestions. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Have a nice day :)
Thanks lynette! Sorry to hear about your daughter's migraines.  We did a check, multi-user function is very challenging, until we finish developing it you may have changed for a new phone and given the old one to your daughter. If you have an ipad at home, the ipad version is coming. anything else we can do to get five stars from you?  
Thanks so much Tracy!
Thanks so much Lydia!
We're glad you love the app so far Isabel ^^. I've noticed you've rated us 4 stars which indicate minor problems with the app. May I know what we can do to we can earn the missing star and make the app even more helpful for you? Please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Vanessa, thanks for your comment. The new sleep notes section can help you record your food intake.You can record it in the "Today's Notes" outside of a migraine. You can email me at jenny@healint.com to discuss further. 3 stars usually indicates serious issues with the app so I'd love to know how we can get those missing 2 stars back. Thanks:)
Thank you Shelley. Hope the app will help you better understand your migraines. Jenny
Hi Evi, Thanks for your feedback! This helps us to continually improve the app.The app runs in the background to ensure that all your data is synchronized. We are also working on improving the reports at the moment and soon you should be able to see more cumulative results. Kindly also check your email for more details! Kind Regards.
Louise, yes, we have this request a lot. But for now we were not satisfied with the first solutions we tested. I use the Note sections when I change something compared to usual (different dosage, different type of pain)  Does the removed star means that the application is not helpful enough as it is now? Francois
Hi Morgan, this notification is an Android 9 requirements that we cannot remove. It is on only during your regular sleep period recorded in the settings.  Jenny
Dear Clayton, we pushed an update. It seems to work despite the Google-play bug. Version 16.6. Give it a try and tell me!!! Jenny
Thanks Frank! What are your suggestions for improvements? We'd love to hear from you- feel free to email us at contact@healint.com. We look forward to hearing from you!
Thanks so much Samantha! I am glad you find Migraine Buddy so easy to use! Do you find something missing in Migraine Buddy based on your experience with other apps? It would be great to learn from your experience, it will help me it pushing for specific improvements. And wishing you as few migraines as possible! Jenny (Jenny@healint.com)
Thank you Lori. Glad to see that the app is matching your needs. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Dear Manuela, we're glad you found the app easy to use. Did you encounter any bugs with the app? 4 stars reviews are usually indicate minor bugs with the app. If you've faced any issues in the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it for you. Thank you!
Hi Vanessa, thanks for your comment. The new sleep notes section can help you record your food intake.You can record it in the "Today's Notes" outside of a migraine. You can email me at jenny@healint.com to discuss further. 3 stars usually indicates serious issues with the app so I'd love to know how we can get those missing 2 stars back. Thanks:)
Thanks very much Hunny :) A fifth star would actually encourage our developers very much in keeping up with the hard work of improving the app further :) Jenny
Thanks Maya!! We are working on a feature to track pain variation and location. We are testing prototypes and will keep you updated on this. However, in the meantime, your support and  5 stars helps us to improve much faster! Thanks :)
Thank you Ellen! How can we improve it to make it a 5 star app for you? Feel free to email me at Jenny@healint.com! Thanks!
Hi jon, Thanks for your review.We'd love to hear more feedback from you about the sleep diary. Can you send us an email at contact@healint.com so we can discuss further. We are working on improving the sleep diary and your input would be very helpful.
Thanks so much Min! How can we earn the missing one star back? It would be great to hear your ideas! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Thanks Karen! I see we missed 1 star- how can we improve for you to make it a 5 star app? I'd love to hear from you! Email me at jenny@healint.com- thanks!
Thanks so much Michelle! I see we are missing one star in the rating- It would be great to know how we cna improve for you to make it a 5 star app. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thank you Stephanie for your review! Do remember to help us update this review once you are more comfortable with the app ^^ Perfect reviews are important in supporting our developers in what they do! If you ever need help or if you have suggestions for us on how to improve the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks so much Glenda! I see we missed one star- how can we improve for you? We'd love to hear your thoughts on how we can make it a 5 star app for you. You can email me at jenny@healint.com to discuss more! Thanks!
Thanks for the update Key! Maybe can you contact me at jenny@healint.com. I would like to see if adjusting the usual sleep time would help and understand your specific case. Your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app faster! Thank you so much
Thanks so much Kristin! Hope the app is able to help- feel free to email me if you have any questions: jenny@healint.com. Happy Holidays!
Thank you Davy. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you for your feedback Allan. Do not hesitate to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance with the app or for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Glad to know that Migraine Buddy is convenient and helpful to you. Could you please kindly let us know how to earn the fifth star? 😊 Jenny
Hi Claire! Thank you for your feedback and sorry for the inconvenience. Can you write to me at jenny@healint.com so I can assist you further? I look forward to hearing from you! =)
Hi Beth, Thanks for your comment. We are working on including this complex function and would love your feedback on it. You can view this idea here: http://goo.gl/oQEt2v In the meantime, how else can we get the missing one star back from you? 5 stars encourages us to improve faster and faster!
Hi Michele, please contact me at jenny@healint.com and I will help you figure out how to manage each of these points in the app.  Jenny :-)
Thank you for your feedback Linda! But based on your note it seems that there is something in the app that you don't like. Could you please send me an email at jenny@healint.com? We could discuss deeper about it and find a solution! It could help to improve the app! Otherwise, if everything is fine, you can also update your note! :-) Thank a lot!
Thanks so much for your review Emmy! Glad you like the app! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? I'd love to hear your thoughts- you can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thanks Sue! We hope you can come back let us know what you thought- we'd love to know how we can earn the missing one star back. Five stars helps us to improve much faster! Thanks very much :)
Thank you Karen, Anything I can do to grab the missing star? :-) Jenny
Dear Annemarie, This is great to read that you enjoy migraine buddy! Your suggestion is in our forum, you could vote for it and participate to the discussion: http://goo.gl/ZM784N You can see there how much was completed during the past months. By the way, the more stars the faster our developers. It would be great to get it back one day ;) Jenny
Hi Diana, thanks for your review! If there is anything we can improve on the app to make it a 5-star app, please drop me an email at jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Thank you Stéphanie. You can report your meals in the note section of the migraine record, or create a suspected food trigger button in the trigger list. Jenny
Thanks very much Alexandra. Glad to read the app helps you and your doctor :) Jenny
Thank you Melissa! We are working on tracking weather and you should be able to see that soon! We look forward to your updated review then :)
Hi Tab, I'm glad to hear that! If you have any suggestions on how we can improve the app, feel free to drop me an email at jenny@healint.com! I will be glad to discuss with you. Thanks so much for your review :) Jenny
Thank you Cheryll! I see that we lost 1 star in our rating. Anything we can do to reestablish that star? (support@healint.com)
Thank you Deborah. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks so much for your review Laura!! We will look into the problem right away. Please look out for an email from us!!
Hi Megan, I'm glad you love the app! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Is there anything which you find insufficient with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Simone,  Great to know you like the app ^^ You can track the changes in the pain intensity by using the notes section of the migraine. It has a time stamp option which helps you log the pain level at a given time. The team is currently working on a prototype to see how we can help users track the changes in pain intensity in a more elegant way.
Thank you for your feedback! The fifth star will really encourage the team who works hard to provide the best services to migraine sufferers. We would love to know how we can earn that final star! Please contact us at jenny@healint.com to tell us how we can improve! :)  Jenny
Hello Laura, and thank you for the feedback! Right now, logging preventative medications is possible in the notes section. Please let us know how we can earn that extra star. Feel free to email me any time at jenny@healint.com and I would be happy to answer answer any questions you have:)
Thank you Chandra! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one? You can email me at jenny@healint.com!
Thank you Mrs Whales! The fifth star would encourage our team of developeres who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Currently we are working on the evolution of migraines where you can track changes in pain intensity over a period of time. Thanks for the time in giving us a review, your support and 5 stars would help us to improve the app much faster! Have a nice day :)
Hi Megan, if you are sure you want to start over, you can create a new account with a different email address instead of deleting entries one at a time. Hope this helps! If you have any other suggestions on how we can make this a 5-star app, drop me an email at jenny@healint.com. :) - Jenny
Thank you for your suggestions. We are working on finding the best way to report changes during attacks. Hopefully you will see this feature in the future updates. Meanwhile feef free to use the suggestion box from the menu of the app to share your ideas. A fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard for to make this app great.
Thank you Ben. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Glad you find it helpful!
Thank you Meri! How can we improve the app for you to make it a 5 star one?
Thank you Kritina. Feel free to let me know at jenny@healint.com how I can assist you and grab the missing star.:) Jenny
Dear Seale, Great to hear that our app has helped you and your doctor. :-) A 4 star review indicates that the app has minor problems. Would you be able to let us know what problems you faced when using the app so we can earn back the missing star? Please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com. I hope to hear from you soon. Thank you!
Thank you for your support. What could i do to get the missing star back then ? :-) Jenny
Thank you for this review. The fifth star would encourage our developers who work hard to make this app as accurate as possible. :-) Jenny
Thank you William, the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thanks so much LeTrese! Glad to hear the app is helping you. I see we missed one star in the rating. How can we make it a 5 star app for you? Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster :)
Thanks Felicia! I see we were one star short of 5 stars- is there any disappointment you faced with the app? Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. I'd love to hear from you! Your support and 5 stars would help us improve faster and faster :)
Hi Lynsey, You can use the note section of the migraine report to record any change during a migraine. You can even use the time stamp to record the exact time of the change. Hope this is enough to grab the missing star back :-)- Jenny
Thanks Nicole! We'd love to know how we can make it a 5 star app for you-how do you think we can improve? You can email me at jenny@healint.com  with your ideas. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thank you :)
Dear JoAnna,  Yes you can do that! You could track the food groups in "My Triggers" section. It is in the bottom left corner of the home screen. It functions as a daily tracker of the things that happen to you. You can add new items to track. Once you tracked it in "My Triggers", food you've eaten before the onset of a migraine will be highlighted
Hello Danielle, and welcome to the Migraine Buddy community! Please let us know how we can earn that extra star. Feel free to email me any time at jenny@healint.com and I would be happy to answer answer any questions you have.
Thanks so much Kalene! I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?  Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster. Thanks so much :)
Hi Christine, thanks for your review! Glad to hear the app is helping you. How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve much faster!
Thanks so much Tammi! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? I'd love to hear your views- you can email me at jenny@healint.com to discuss further! Thanks a lot :)
Thank you Chandra! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one? You can email me at jenny@healint.com!
Thank you Skyler for your review! Do remember to help us update this review once you have identified your triggers ^^ If you ever need help or if you have suggestions for us on how to improve the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Dear Mr Marion, thank you for your support of the app. Is there anything we can do for you to earn back the missing star? Perfect reviews are important to us and go a long way to supporting what we do. =) Do let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can see what I can do for you =) Thank you!
Thank you so much Ashley! Glad the app is helping you! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app you ? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thanks so much :)
Thanks so much for your review Yana! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com with your thoughts! I'd love to hear from you :)
Thanks for your review Kim! Your suggestions are great and we are actually working on them at the moment! We'd love to hear your feedback on these features we are developing. You can email me at jenny@healint.com if you would like to discuss further. Thanks!
Dear Kimberle, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what improvements you have in mind in order to make this app a 5 star experience for you? Your support is important to us! Please let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks Brandy! Glad you could figure out that medication was a trigger! How can we improve Migraine Buddy to make it a 5 star app for you? I'd love to hear your ideas- you can email me at jenny@healint.com if you like! Thanks so much! :)
Thanks Hannah! How can we make it a 5 star app for you?
Hi Medea, thanks so much for your review! We hope you find the app useful for your long migraines, don't forget that you can use the NOTES section to track changes in your migraines - these will appear in your reports as well. If you need help or have any suggestions on how we can improve, feel free to email me! jenny@healint.com :) Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
We started the investigations on the best technical method, as well as design approach for this point. More news soon! Your 5-star ratings would really motivate and encourage us to work harder to bring updates for our users. :) - Jenny
Thank you Lorraine! We missed one star in the rating- how can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you?
Thanks so much Samantha! I am glad you find Migraine Buddy so easy to use! Do you find something missing in Migraine Buddy based on your experience with other apps? It would be great to learn from your experience, it will help me it pushing for specific improvements. And wishing you as few migraines as possible! Jenny (Jenny@healint.com)
Hello Patrice, and thank you for the feedback! Please let us know how we can earn that extra star. Feel free to email me any time at jenny@healint.com and I would be happy to answer answer any questions you have.
Thank you Shlemyith! Glad to see that you like it already. But I see that you did put 3/5 rating. This is a very low rating usually associated with apps having major bugs. Do you face a problem? You can contact me at Jenny@healin.com to talk about it (ˆ_ˆ)
Thank you for your support Crystal. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Tracy, thanks for your suggestions! We are working on including your suggestions in the app and you should see them soon! 
Thanks Allison! Glad you like the app! It would be great to know how we can get the missing star back? Did you face any disappointment with the app? Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com and I'd love to hear your views. Your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app faster and faster! Thanks :)
Thanks for your feedback Kelly! Yes, adding more symptoms and triggers is something we have planned for future updates to the app. You can follow the progress here: http://goo.gl/zKiI7Y. Tracking pain evolution is a complex function and we are looking into it at the moment. It would be great if we cant talk further about this! jenny@healint.com
Glad the app can help with making migraine tracking easier for you! You can now use the new notes section in the sleep diary to record details outside of a migraine ( not just for sleep). Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster. Thank you :)
Thanks Shelley! Glad you like the app- can we improve it in anyway to earn the missing one star? Your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! Thanks :)
Thank you Chandra! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one? You can email me at jenny@healint.com!
Thank you Nicole. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need assistance with the app. Jenny
Hi Jalaina, 4 star reviews usually indicates minor problems with the app. Could you let us know what we can do to fix your problems with the app and earn back the missing star? Each and every perfect review is important to supporting the development of the app. Please let us know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you for your feedback Allan. Do not hesitate to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance with the app or for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you for your kind review, Shari! Glad to know that Migraine Buddy is making it easier for you to keep your doctor informed! What improvement do you think is needed so that we can earn the last star? :) Jenny
Hi Shonda, There is a notes section for each migraine which you can find in the summary as well as a daily notes section which you can find in the sleep section of my records. You can easily remove and add triggers as you wish. Just hold down the delete button for removing and add new for adding. Hope that will earn the missing star back! THanks :)
Hi Elizabeth, you can add this under the sleep tab (morning & night notes) or in the new update in 16.6. Please email me jenny@healint.com and I will help you :) thanks for your review! - Jenny
Hi Natalie, thanks so much for your review! We are glad the app has helped you to identify triggers and patterns in your migraines. If you have any suggestions on how to make it a 5-star app, please email me at jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Stacey. The fifth star would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Dear Jennifer, thank you for the review. I am surprised by your point on the medication library, did you see that you can add and search for drugs? There are more 50.000 drugs and brands referenced in our database. Maybe can you contact me at Jenny@healint.com to allow me to help you? It would be great to see the removed star come back. Jenny
Thank you for your support Brendon. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you Claire. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi there, we're glad the app helped you! ^^ Did you encounter a problem with the app? 4 stars are for apps with minor problems. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Rebekah. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you for your suggestion Emma. Alternatively, you can add any relevant information in the Notes section of the migraine record. :-) The fifth star would encourage our hardworking developers who make this free app the perfect tool for  migraines sufferers. Jenny
Hi E, we are working on your suggestion and would love to hear more from you! Feel free to send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further! Thanks.
Glad the app could help identify your triggers Kristy! How can it be made a 5 star app for you? We'd love to hear more feedback
Thank you! The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance with the app. Jenny
Hi Kassi, thanks for your review! We looking into recording changes in pain intensity. We'd love your feedback in this regard- you can email us at contact@healint.com. We look forward to hearing from you! Thanks :) We are working on even better sleep graph. The sleep periods are visible in the calendar, and the average is visible in the report area
Thank you Lori. Glad to see that the app is matching your needs. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you Siobhan. The fifth stars would encourage our developers to work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Cindy, that's right! I also get those cases when I am not too sure if I sure record but in case of doubt would like to record as very small or non-painful. Just to be sure, is the removed star due to that? or due to a problem your faced? Francois
Thanks so much for the review Drita. Could you please write to me about the bugs you experienced? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. I look forward to hearing from you!
Hi Rebekah, Glad to know the Migraine Buddy has been very helpful for you. (^^) It would really mean a lot to us if you could let us know what we can do to earn the missing star =( Every 5 star review is important to supporting the development of new features for the app. I hope to hear from you soon at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank Crystall for this feedback! But based on your note it seems that there is something in the app that you don't like. Could you please send me an email at jenny@healint.com? We could discuss deeper about it and find a solution! It could help to improve the app! Otherwise, if everything is fine, you can also update your note! :-) Thank a lot!
Thanks for your review Paula! Glad you like the app. We are working on the ability to change pain intensity levels. You can see the progress of this idea here: http://goo.gl/k3cAe8. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com as well! :)
Thank you Colleen. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you Samuel! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thank you so much Ashley! Glad the app is helping you! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app you ? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thanks so much :)
Hi Beth, Thanks for your comment. We are working on including this complex function and would love your feedback on it. You can view this idea here: http://goo.gl/oQEt2v In the meantime, how else can we get the missing one star back from you? 5 stars encourages us to improve faster and faster!
Thanks very much Amanda! Glad you like the app! How can we improve it to make it a 5 star one? 5 stars really helps us to improve the app much faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks for the support!
Hi Amanda, thanks for your review! Glad you found Migraine Buddy. We are actually working on changes in pain intensity and if you would like to know more about it, feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. your support and 5 stars from you will help us improve the app faster! Thanks very much!
Thank you Hedder. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks Malini! Can you write to us at contact@healint.com to tell us which period tracker you use? We are looking into syncing Migraine Buddy with other apps. And yes, you are right, Periods can have a tricky relation with migraines. Did you record yourself as a woman in the app? It will then ask you questions about your periods too.
Thank you! Anything I can do to grab the missing star? :-) Jenny
Hi Aimee, thanks very much for your review!Could you send me an email about the sleep diary at jenny@healint.com? I will help you out right away. Usually, it will be about making a few adjustments which can help the diary work more accurately! In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us to improve the app much faster! Thank you :)
Thank you for the review, Mary! We're glad you've found the app useful to track symptoms/treatments so far. Please reach out to us at jenny@healint.com and we'd be glad to answer any questions you might have regarding the reports and hopefully earn that 5th star :)
Hi Terina, thanks very much! You actually have an area for comments in the summary screen of the migraine, just under the weather field, you can even put a time stamp for each line (button top right) and it will print with the export. try it and tell me. your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster! Thank you! jenny@healint.com
We are glad to know MigraineBuddy has been helpful for you to track your attacks, thank you for your support. Please contact me at jenny@healint.com and let me know how I can further assist you and earn the missing star :) Jenny
Thanks Di! How can we make is 5 star app for you?
Hi Ruby, please contact me directly at Jenny@healint.com and I will assist you in getting the buddy part to work.  Jenny
So glad to hear the app is helping Mandy! Thanks for your lovely review :)
Thank you Amitabhh, we are working on finding the best way to report the pain intensity. Meanwhile you can timestamp any change in the note section of the migraine record.  The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Dear Tonya, the good news is that you can change to Fahrenheit, just go into the Settings and change to "imperial" measures. For the location this depends from your phone's GPS but you can also adjust manually. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if needing more help. It would be great to give back the removed star too ;)
Thank you for your review Deborah. We're glad you've found the app helpful. 4 stars indicate minor problems with the app. May I know what we can do to we can earn the missing star and make the app even more helpful for you? Please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Beth, thanks for your review! If you like the app after a few more days, do help us out by increasing your rating ;) Otherwise you can offer me feedback on how we can improve by emailing me jenny@healint.com. - Jenny
Hi Claire, thanks for your feedback! It would be great to know how we can fine tune the app and improve it for you. Your feedback will be very helpful. You can email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you!
Hi Evalynn, we are happy to hear it's useful in your medical treatment! Do you have suggestions on how we can improve the app to make it 5-stars, email me and we can discuss - jenny@healint.com :) Jenny
Hi Irene,  Would you be able to tell us more about the type of information or report types that you would like to see? Please drop us a note at jenny@healint.com to let us know :-) By the way, we will be rolling out a new update soon. Please do help us update the review if you find our new update to be sufficient to address your needs :) Thank you!
Thanks Jo! We see we were one star short of 5 stars- were you disappointed with the app in anyway? How can we earn the missing one star? It would be great to hear from you! you can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
Thank you for your support Diane. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Dear Monica, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what we can do to make the app a 5 star experience for you? Your support is important to us, [lease let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you for your support Abdullah. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi there, thank you for the review. Did you encounter a problem with the app? 4 stars are for app with minor problems. How may we improve the app for you to get the missing star? Please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Dear Nitro, this problem should be fix soon in our next update. Please help us by updating the review when the problem. Perfect ratings go a long way in supporting the development of the app so thank you for your help! :)
Hi Andrea, thanks for your review! Glad to hear you like the app.Thanks also for your suggestion-it's great and I've put it on Uservoice . You can comment and vote for it: http://goo.gl/tpL9MX. 4/5 brings down our average and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster. We hope we can earn that one star back! Thanks :) 
Thank you Patrick! Do you mind sharing with me more at jenny@healint.com about the specifications you'd want to see on Migraine Buddy? It'll be helpful for me to understand your needs and I can raise it to the team for discussion.
Thanks for your feedback and suggestions Elaine! We are glad to hear that Migraine Buddy has been able to support you through your migraines. We hope it continues to do so! Wishing you well, Saulat
Thank you for your feedback Andrea. You can actually track some events through the note section of the migraine record page. On this same section you can also use the timestamp on the top right corner to track many changes during the course of a migraine. Hope this will help you enough to grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks Rosa! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thanks very much Jemma! We are glad you like the app! I see we missed one star in the review- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thanks Danielle! How can we make it a 5 star app for you? If you have some suggestions please do visit this forum : http://goo.gl/xdi8uW
Thank you Elaine. The fifth star would encourage our hardworking developers who make this free app the perfect tool for  migraines sufferers. Jenny
Thanks! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks :)
Muchas gracias por tu comentario. Nuestros desarrolladores trabajan duro para mantener los 9 idiomas disponibles. Que idioma echas de menos? No te puedo contactar directamente en Google Play, por favor mándame un mensaje a jenny@healint.com Jenny :)
Hi Glen,  Great to know that Migraine Buddy has helped you identify a trigger ^^ How can we improve for a 5 star review? The missing star really means a lot to us and the development of new features for the app. Please let us know at jenny@healint.com
Thank you for your support! We wish to find out how we can earn the fifth star from you. Do email me at jenny@healint.com to let me know! Jenny
Thanks very much Amanda! How can we make it a 5 star app for you?? We look forward to your feedback!
Thank you for your support and kind words Tiny Head. As our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you Sandra. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers! Jenny
Hello, and thank you for the feedback! Please let us know how we can earn that extra star. Feel free to email me any time at jenny@healint.com and I would be happy to answer answer any questions you have.
Thank you for your support Diane. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Alecia, you can identify possible food triggers using "My Triggers" (bottom left icon on the home screen). Add and track all the different types of food you eat daily. When you have a migraine, your  recently eaten food will be highlighted when you are asked to choose your triggers. Do help us update your review if this solves your problem!
Thanks for your review Lathelma! Could you let us know how we can make it a 5 star app for you? You can drop me an email at jenny@healint.com with your suggestions. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Have a nice day :)
Thanks Melissa!
Thank you Mona! May we know how we can make it a 5 star app for you? Would be great to hear your suggestions!! jenny@healint.com
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you Yvonne. Our goal is to deliver a 5* service to our users. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Diana, thanks for your review! If there is anything we can improve on the app to make it a 5-star app, please drop me an email at jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Hi Sarah, Glad to know that Migraine Buddy is easy and helpful to you. Could you please contact us at jenny@healint.com to let us know how can we earn the last star? Jenny
Hi Diana,  Great to know that you found Migraine Buddy useful. Would you be able to let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? (^^) 5 star reviews are extremely important to support the development of new features for the app. Please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Rachael, thank you for your feedback and sorry for the inconvenience. I see that the team is already working on your case. We will contact you soon! =)
Thanks for choosing Migraine Buddy Tammy! We hope it can help you better manage your migraines. Do come back and tell us what you think- 5 stars is very helpful for us in improving the app faster. You can also email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much :)
Thank you! Feel free to let me know what i can do to grab the missing star back :-)Jenny
Glad you found Migraine Buddy Lillian! Thanks for your support :)
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Rebecca, Thank you for your feedback. Glad to know that you and your doctor both like Migraine Buddy. Migraine Buddy has a notes section in the Migraine Record page to allow you record any additional information. You can record your med intake in the Migraine Impact report calendar from the Buddies page.  Jenny
Thank you for your support! What can I do to grab the missing star then? :-) Jenny
Thank you Corinna. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you Alice. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Stacey. How can help you and grab the missing star then ? :-) Jenny
Thanks very much Laced. Glad to hear your like the app especially the sleep feature- you are right, recording broken sleep is important and we are working on improving the sleep diary! You can easily add weather is a trigger by tapping add new on the trigger screen. 
Hi Janice, thanks for your review! Could you send us an email at contact@healint.com so we can help you with the battery issues. The app uses about 3-5% on most phones however we can investigate further for you. Thanks a lot!
Hi Deb, Thanks for your review!! How can we improve it to make the app a 5 star one for you? feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com.I'd love to hear from you!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Chantalle for this feedback! For the sleep detection, have you set up your phone as the main device? To do it, please go to your sleep records (My Journal &gt; Sleep tab), swipe down on the screen and activate the option "Set this device as my main sleep tracking device"! If it doesn't work, please contact me at jenny@healint.com :-)
Hi Elizabeth, you can create multiple accounts in Migraine Buddy. You just need to use another device than the one you use for your child. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com if you need assistance. Jenny
Dear Patch, 2 stars is a very very very bad rating usually reserved for apps which are not working properly or not doing what was advertised.  Would you like to discuss about it to let me understand what's wrong? You can send me a quick e-mail to initiate the discussion, or maybe chat via our facebook page: http://m.me/migrainebuddy ? Jenny (^_~)
Hey Andrea, could I check with you what you mean by print out summary information? You can export all your migraine records by clicking on the menu icon in the top left corner of the Home Screen and then tapping on "Export". Is that what you're looking for? If not, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can better understand your needs =)
Thank you Amy, The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks for the feedback Kate! Yes, it must be frustrating to have the app asking you if it was a period of sleep... while you were working hard. For your case (shutting down the phone for hours) the auto-detection may not learn that fast yet. You may wait to deactivate it. It should help you, not become a frustration. Keep up! Francois
Dear Marko, thank you for the feedback. We're looking into how we may sync with other apps/device. The key challenge is really to understand how we should map the information from all these external sources meaningfully into categories or onto the migraines. If you have more thoughts on this, do chat with me here: http://m.me/migrainebuddy =)
Happy to see that you are happy Letty. Today is a bad day for us, we never had so many 4 stars in a day. and I see our rating going down It really feels like we are doing something wrong. Can you contact me to explain me what's wrong? I want to get the things right before adding even more functions. Jenny@healint.com
Hi Rebekka, you can use the note section of the daily sleep tracker to record any non-migraine events that you find useful to know. Hope this will help you enough to grab the fifth star :-) Jenny
Hi Helen, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars and you'd like to change a few things. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! =)
Thank you Shaunna. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers!! :-) Jenny
Hi Kari, thanks for your update! Could you send me an email at jenny@healint.com and I can help you out with the notification popup. Thanks!
Hi Melissa, Great to know that we have helped to simplify migraine-tracking for you. :) A 5 star review is important to us and will help a lot in supporting the development of new features for the app. Could you let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? Please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com
Hi Helen! Thank you for your ratings. I'm glad you found the app helpful. If you have any suggestions how we can make the app better, please share with me at jenny@healint.com! =D
Thanks Steve! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? i'd love to hear your thoughts- you can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much!
Thanks so much Amanda! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us to keep improving the app faster and faster! Thank you :)
Thank you Niki. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for Migraine Sufferers. Jenny
Hi Andy, thanks for your review! I'd love to hear what you had in mind regarding reminders. We are looking into some features like that and it would be great to get your feedback. You can email me at jenny@healint.com Thanks!
Thank you for your feedback. I would love to hear more about the further details you would like to put in the app. Please contact me at jenny@healint.com and i will share with you some ways to customize the app and insert notes. Hope this will help to grab the fifth star back :-) Jenny
Thanks so much for the positive review Trixy! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? 5 stars helps us to improve much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. I would love to hear from you!
Thank you for your support, Michele. What can I do to grab the missing star then? Jenny
Thank you so much for the lovely review Kristin!
Thank you!  How can I help to get the missing star ? :-) Jenny
Thanks Leaner! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Did you face any disappointments with the app you would like to share? You can email me at jenny@healint.com.Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app faster! 
Hi Jen, Thanks so much for your review, we're glad you find the features user-friendly! Do you have suggestions on how we can improve to earn that one more star? Email me at jenny@healint.com and we can discuss :)  Jenny
Thank you very much Carla! It would be great to know how we can improve the app for you to make it a 5 star app. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Dear Kate, an new update is available and it supports filtering the reports by the attack types! Do help us by updating to a 5-star review when you've given it a try! =) Thank you!
Dear  Daniele, you simply need to click on the export button, and you will have a file ready to be sent via e-mail or ready to be printed.  The format is very simple, accepted by all doctors and insurers. If any problem you can contact me on our chat: https://www.facebook.com/migrainebuddy/messages/
Thank you for your feedback Jackie. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com if you need any kind of assistance with the app. Jenny
Thank you for your support. Is there anything I can do to grab the 5th star :-) ? Jenny
Dear Sandy,  Thank you for your support. You can indeed choose your preferred system of measurement ( metric/imperial): main menu/ settings/ buddies settings. This this will help enough for you to give us the missing star :-) Please also contact me at jenny@healint.com for any further request/suggestion. Jenny
Thank you so much! We have added a notes section which can be found in the My Records section of the app ( sleep section) You can track your food intake there! We hope to keep improving the app! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster!
Thanks so much Carrie! Please do come back and update us- we'd love to hear how we can earn the missing one star back! Your support and 5 stars will help us improve much faster!
Dear Brandi, Thank you for your comment. You are absolutely right, for Chronic migraines or very long periods of migraine this reminder is not pleasant. We have planned to include the option to deactivate this function in a coming release next month. thank you again! Francois  
Hi Karla, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars and you'd like to change a few things. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Cindy, that's right! I also get those cases when I am not too sure if I sure record but in case of doubt would like to record as very small or non-painful. Just to be sure, is the removed star due to that? or due to a problem your faced? Francois
Thanks so much Sharon! How can we earn the missing one star back? We's love to know because with your support and 5 stars we will be able to improve much faster! Thanks for your support :)
Thank you Amy! Your suggestion can be found here :http://goo.gl/Nj06ni - please vote and comment! For now, you can also note down the time and amount of medication in the notes section. A lot of our users find that useful. If you have any questions, please feel free to get in touch : Contact@healint.com
Thanks so much Tracy!
Thanks Heather! Happy to hear the app is helping! It would be great to hear how can we earn he missing one star back- 5 stars is helpful in improving the app faster. Thanks for your support :)
Thanks so much Roberta! We would love to know how we can make is 5 star app for you! 
Thank you Nancy, the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thanks lynette! Sorry to hear about your daughter's migraines.  We did a check, multi-user function is very challenging, until we finish developing it you may have changed for a new phone and given the old one to your daughter. If you have an ipad at home, the ipad version is coming. anything else we can do to get five stars from you?  
Thank you Gabriela. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for any suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back. :-) Jenny
Hi Christopher. The sticky 'active sleep detection' notification during the time of the day/night that you set up for sleep detection. This is a compatibility requirement fro Android Oreo and Pie. It does not alter anything to the sleep detection quality and does not use more battery  power either. This notification cannot be removed. Jenny
Hi Steve, were you able to install it? The latest update is version 1671, you can give it a try :) - Jenny
Thank you Faith. You cannot change settings of medications because it would alter the reports where you have already used these medications. On the other hand, you can delete an unused med and create it again immediately with the correct settings. 5-stars would be the ultimate reward for our developers :) Jenny
Thanks so much Nicole! We are counting on you to come back and tell us if Migraine Buddy is a 5 star app! If you have any questions, get in touch: jenny@healint.com - we are always happy to help out!!
Thank you! The fifth star would encouarge our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers!! :-) Jenny
Hi Rebecca, Thanks for your kind words! We would love to hear more from you and will be in touch. Kind Regards, Saulat
Hi Ronnie,, thank you for your support. The dark mode is already available in the Buddies page, we are implementing this step by step. Hope this will help me grab the missing star. Jenny
Thank you Heidi. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks so much Lydia!
Thank you Lori. Glad to see that the app is matching your needs. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you Catherine. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thanks for your comment Kelley. We are working on this feature and you can follow and vote for it here: http://goo.gl/oQEt2v In the meantime, how else can we get the missing one star back from you? 5/5 stars really encourages to improve faster. Your support is invaluable to us!
Hi Morgan, this notification is an Android 9 requirements that we cannot remove. It is on only during your regular sleep period recorded in the settings.  Jenny
Hi Tracy, thanks for your review! If you are facing issues with the app, please email support@healint.com and we will be happy to help you out :) - Jenny
Hi Diana, thanks for your review! If there is anything we can improve on the app to make it a 5-star app, please drop me an email at jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Thank you Mrs Whales! The fifth star would encourage our team of developeres who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Thanks for your feedback Natasha! Currently we are looking into adding food triggers. :)
Dear Nigel, "my trigger" section was designed to help with identifying triggers you didn't realise was a problem. So you should use it as your food diary and create items corresponding to your food. After 15+ days of data, you can use the "Catch" feature to see if a trigger is likely or unlikely to have caused migraines!
Thank you Marine! It would be great to know how we can earn th emissing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! I would love to hear from yoU! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thank you Shannon. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you for your suggestion Emma. Alternatively, you can add any relevant information in the Notes section of the migraine record. :-) The fifth star would encourage our hardworking developers who make this free app the perfect tool for  migraines sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Christina. You can add any needed medication in the Migraine Impact Report calendar. Just tap on any day and enter the info.  You might also want to use the sleep notes to record any non specific migraine related event. Jenny
Thanks so much Marcia! We are so glad you like the app! I see we missed one star in the rating- I'd love to hear how we can improve for you?do you have some suggestions to make it a 5 star app? you can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much!
Thank you Tawanna. What can i do to grab the fifth star? :-) Jenny
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for Migraine Sufferers! :-) Jenny
Thanks Katrina! How can we make Migraine Buddy a 5 star app for you?
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Dear Nicki, I fully understand, I also wished it could already do all that. You can vote for ideas similar to yours on our forum: goo.gl/IGRBQW and add your comments in it. As you can see most are started. Actually removing a star does not make us go program faster, rather the opposite as we also manage to do more with more users. (ˆ_ˆ) Jenny
Thanks very much Hunny :) A fifth star would actually encourage our developers very much in keeping up with the hard work of improving the app further :) Jenny
Thanks Robyn! Glad the app can help during doctor visits. I see we missed one star in the rating- is there any way we can improve? You can email me at jenny@healint.com to share your thoughts! 5 stars are incredibly encouraging for our team and help us improve faster. Your support will be much appreciated!
Hi Louise, Thanks for your feedback! Please visit http://migrainebuddy.uservoice.com to leave us suggestions or vote for ideas that appeal to you the most. We look forward to hearing from you! Kind Regards, Saulat
Hi Tyler, thank you for your suport! If there is anything we can do to improve your Migraine Buddy experience or if you've faced any issues in the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it for you.Thank you! Jenny
Hi Melissa, Thanks for the review! Could you share more about why you think it is difficult to log during a migraine? We'd love to know how we can improve for you. Please send an email to contact@healint.com. Thanks!
Dear Marko, thank you for the feedback. We're looking into how we may sync with other apps/device. The key challenge is really to understand how we should map the information from all these external sources meaningfully into categories or onto the migraines. If you have more thoughts on this, do chat with me here: http://m.me/migrainebuddy =)
Dear Judy, I am very sad to read this. You know you can simply contact us by writing an e-mail to support@healint.com We are here to help! Jenny
Thank you for your suggestions. We are working on finding the best way to report changes during attacks. Hopefully you will see this feature in the future updates. Meanwhile feef free to use the suggestion box from the menu of the app to share your ideas. A fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard for to make this app great.
Thanks Cory!  It would be great to know how we can make it a 5 star app for you. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thanks :)
Thank you for your comment Rachel. We are working on improving the chats at the moment. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you Damilola. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you :) Which enhanced Buddy would be worth 5-star for you? ;) Jenny
Thanks so much Shirley! How can we make it a 5 star app for you?
Thank you! How can i help you and grab the missing star? :-) Jenny
Thank you Tiffany and welcome to the Migraine Buddy community. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Pavi,  You can use "My Triggers" section to track help you to figure out your triggers! It is a place for you to track daily happenings e.g. weather, food etc. When you log a migraine, things which happened recently would be highlighted in the trigger selection. Let me know at jenny@healint.com if you need more help!
Thank you for your support Abdullah. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Dear Tammy, you are right, and we are working on the removal. It will come after some functions which are needed to improve the records, but it will come. It is great to see your enthusiasm and high expectations. (ˆ_ˆ)
Hi Dena, we have a feature called Pressure Buddy that detects the current pressure based on your location. This is activated automatically when your location services are enabled while using the app. If this satisfies you, hope you will add one more star to your review :) - Jenny
Thank you so much Hazel!
Hi Abs, thanks for your review! Glad you like the app :) We are looking into syncing other apps and devices with Migraine Buddy. I put the idea here on UserVoice: http://goo.gl/I8svZE. You can comment and vote! 5 stars from you would really encourage us to improve faster. I'd love to hear from you: jenny@healint.com
Thank you for your updated review Sarah. We had a service downtime issue with our Weather service provider for a few hours yesterday but it should now be back up and running globally. I think I have already sent you an email about it. Anyway, please contact me at jenny@healint.com if it still does not work for you. Kind regards, Jenny
Thank you! You can use the dairy tracker to track any food you think might trigger your migraines. Feel free to contact me directly at jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance with the app. Jenny
Thank you very much Sabrina! Glad the app is making it easier for you to track migraines. I see we missed one star in our rating- did you face any disappointments with the app? I'd love to know how we can earn that missing one star back- you can email me at jenny@healint.com! Your support and 5 stars will help us improve faster! :)
Thanks so much Sharon! How can we earn the missing one star back? We's love to know because with your support and 5 stars we will be able to improve much faster! Thanks for your support :)
Thank you Claire. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Simone,  Great to know you like the app ^^ You can track the changes in the pain intensity by using the notes section of the migraine. It has a time stamp option which helps you log the pain level at a given time. The team is currently working on a prototype to see how we can help users track the changes in pain intensity in a more elegant way.
Dear Amanda, Thank you for your kind words! We love to know that we have been of help.    Do you have any advice for us on how to improve the app so it would be worthy of a five star rating? Please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com
Thanks so much Tammi! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? I'd love to hear your views- you can email me at jenny@healint.com to discuss further! Thanks a lot :)
Thank you so much Sarah!
Thank you Kari, the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Thank you. Is there anything i can do to grab the 5th star? :-) Jenny
Dear Corinne, this request may take time, I just checked and we have 59 other improvements with more votes in the forum. (leave feedback button in the app, then suggestion). for now, may I suggest you to write "@Stomach" in the Note section of your migraines with stomach pain?  It will be visible on your exports for your doctors.  
Jill, good to hear that you are satisfied.  It makes me sad to see that you removed a start though, it is reduces the average rating visible to potential users. We want to give more functions in the app, but if the present version is not working perfectly we need to polish the existing functions! I am here to help if anything.  Jenny@healint.com
Thank you very much Cori! How can we earn the missing one star in the review? 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! We'd  love to hear from you! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks :)
Hi Siobhain, thanks for the review. Glad to hear you are liking the app! How can we make it a 5 star app for you? 5 stars helps us to improve much faster!
Thanks so much Heather! Glad you like the app so far! Do come back and give us further feedback as we'd love to know how to get the missing one star back! Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app even further!
Thank you Katherine. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers! :-) Jenny
Hi Gary, not sure I understand what you mean as the app is fully free!!!  It would really help if you could let me know at Jenny@healint.com what you mean by costing so much.  Looking forward to you input. Jenny
Thank you Ken!! How can we improve Migraine Buddy to make it a 5 star app for you? 
Hi Vicky, you can enter non migraine days in the notes section. This is also time stamped so this can help you know what happened at what time. It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Dear Tina, have you set your phone as the main device for sleep tracking? You will have to swipe down on the "Sleep Records" screen and enable it as the main device. if you are still facing problems or need more help, please reach out to me at jenny@healint.com. I'm sure we can make sleep tracking work for you again ^^
Hi Natalie, thanks so much for your review! We are glad the app has helped you to identify triggers and patterns in your migraines. If you have any suggestions on how to make it a 5-star app, please email me at jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Hi Tracy, thanks for your suggestions! We are working on including your suggestions in the app and you should see them soon! 
Hi Prakirti, The first two ideas can be found here: http://goo.gl/cSfIyn we would like to know more about how you would want to track the changes in intensity. After V.8.4, the email export should be working fine- we will look into it for you from our end! Anything else we can do to get 5/5 stars? 5 stars encourages us to keep improving faster!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Evi, Thanks for your feedback! This helps us to continually improve the app.The app runs in the background to ensure that all your data is synchronized. We are also working on improving the reports at the moment and soon you should be able to see more cumulative results. Kindly also check your email for more details! Kind Regards.
Thank you! The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance with the app. Jenny
Thank you Amitabhh, we are working on finding the best way to report the pain intensity. Meanwhile you can timestamp any change in the note section of the migraine record.  The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thanks for the review Korinna! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster :)
Dear Karla, if you are only tracking an aura, you can use the Attack Types field in the migraine summary screen to label it as "Aura-only". You can filter your reports by attack types later to learn about your symptoms. Please help me update this review if my suggestions helped. If not, I would love to understand more from you at jenny@healint.com
Hi Karen, Please go back to the settings in the app (top left of homepage) . In the sleep tracker section you can enter your regular sleep time. The app will then detect your sleep only between those hours. If it works then don't forget to come back to the 5th star :-) Let me know at jenny@healint.com if you need further assistance.  Jenny
Thanks for the review Tanya! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks for your review Paula! Glad you like the app. We are working on the ability to change pain intensity levels. You can see the progress of this idea here: http://goo.gl/k3cAe8. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com as well! :)
Thanks for your review Carrie! Glad the app is helping you. It would be great to know how we can get the missing one star back! 5 stars helps us to improve the app faster. Did you feel disappointed with the app some how? feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thank you Tracy. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com with suggestions that would help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
We are glad to hear that you find Migraine Buddy helpful :) Thanks for your support
Hi Kristoffer, We'd love to hear more about your comment. Which prompts would you want to remove? Please send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further. We look forward to your feedback.
Thanks gemma! Glad you like the new updates!
Thank you very much Carla! It would be great to know how we can improve the app for you to make it a 5 star app. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thank you! How can i help you and grab the missing star? :-) Jenny
Hi Catherine,  Great to know that Migraine Buddy has been useful for you. Would you be able to let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? 5 star reviews are important to support the development of new features for the app so please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Dear Angela, thank you for your review. I hope you can help us updating the rating when you feel more comfortable with the app. =) If you have suggestions on how we may improve to earn the missing star, please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks a lot Rebecca! I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we improve to make Migraine Buddy a 5 star app for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com with your thoughts :) 
Thank you Nicola! Could you let us know what we can do to make this a 5 star experience? 4 stars usually indicate minor problems with the app =(  Perfect reviews are important to support the app and help us improve the app much faster. Please let us know what we can do at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Kait, you can actually remove this category through your profile page by unclicking the "do you want to be asked questions about your menstruations" box. Hope you will find this answer useful enough for me to get the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you for your feedback Colleen. You can keep a record of your migraine changes in the note section of the migraine report. In this same place you can also use the timestamp button on the top right corner to make those comments even more precise. Hope this will help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Dear Seale, Great to hear that our app has helped you and your doctor. :-) A 4 star review indicates that the app has minor problems. Would you be able to let us know what problems you faced when using the app so we can earn back the missing star? Please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com. I hope to hear from you soon. Thank you!
Thanks Karen! I see we missed 1 star- how can we improve for you to make it a 5 star app? I'd love to hear from you! Email me at jenny@healint.com- thanks!
We are glad that Triggers function is helpful for you. We would love to hear about your sleep tracker issue. Please reach us at jenny@healint.com describing your sleep problem :) Thanks Jenny
hi Crystal, thanks for your review! We are actually working on Migraine Research! You can opt in for research from my profile ( from the drop down menu) anonymously. I'd also love to know how we can improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? you can email me at jenny@healint.com. thanks a lot :)
Hi Benjamin, Thank you for your recomendation! We are launching a new update soon to increase the speed of launching and saving within the app. Please help us to update your review if you feel that the update has fixed the slowness for you.  If you have other suggestions for us, please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com
Hi Samantha, Thanks for your feedback! We are working on improving the sleep diary and would love some more feedback from you. Could you send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further. Thanks!
Thank you Starla.The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Dear Bonnie, Thank you for taking the time to write this comment. the button feedback in the app gives you access to the place for suggestions (http://goo.gl/8psS1O) and no worry, your requests are already high on the list. A 5/5 here would not make become lazy (*^_^*) actually, the higher the average rating the more motivated we are.
Hi Heidi, thanks for your review. We are working on changing pain level intensity at the moment. If you would like to know more, please email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve even faster. Thanks!
Thank you for your feedback! The fifth star will really encourage the team who works hard to provide the best services to migraine sufferers. We would love to know how we can earn that final star! Please contact us at jenny@healint.com to tell us how we can improve! :)  Jenny
Wow, thanks so much for making our day with this lovely review Adrienne! You made our day! We are sorry to hear about your illness and wish you many pain- free days ahead!
THanks very much Fabienne!
Thank you Melissa! Glad you found Migraine Buddy useful in finding triggers. How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you??
Hi Maggie, we are currently working on prototypes for recording evolution of migraines. Keep a look out as we are continuously updating the app for our users! :) - Jenny
Hi Arin, thanks for your feedback! In our latest update, we have a new feature called "My Triggers" which allows you to record anything you may wish to track, eg. time of medication, you can try it out and let me know what you think at jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Hi Deidre, we'd love to hear what you think of the app once you are more familiar with it. It would be great to know how we can win back the one missing star :) For your birthday, please try and enter the year, then month and date in that order. Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd be happy to help! Thanks!
Thank you for the perfect review! I'm glad you find the app helpful! Please feel free to reach out to me at jenny@healint.com anytime with feedback or suggestions for how we may improve the app! =D
Thank you Brent. What can i do to grab the fifth star? :-) Jenny
Thanks lynette! Sorry to hear about your daughter's migraines.  We did a check, multi-user function is very challenging, until we finish developing it you may have changed for a new phone and given the old one to your daughter. If you have an ipad at home, the ipad version is coming. anything else we can do to get five stars from you?  
Thanks very much Margo! How can we make the app a 5 star one for you? We'd love to know your thoughts- you can email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars will help us go faster with improvement! Thank you :)
Thank you very much Cindy! It would be great to know how we can earn th emissing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! I would love to hear from yoU! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thanks! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks :)
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ Can you share with me more on what you mean by logging in your sleep feelings at jenny@healint.com? I'm very interested to know your idea! Thanks! =D
Thank you Kari, the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Thank you Karine, feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com and I will help you recover the sleep feature. Hopefully this will be enough to grab the fifth star :-) Jenny
Hi Shonda, There is a notes section for each migraine which you can find in the summary as well as a daily notes section which you can find in the sleep section of my records. You can easily remove and add triggers as you wish. Just hold down the delete button for removing and add new for adding. Hope that will earn the missing star back! THanks :)
Thank you Christina. You can add any needed medication in the Migraine Impact Report calendar. Just tap on any day and enter the info.  You might also want to use the sleep notes to record any non specific migraine related event. Jenny
Hi Dena, we have a feature called Pressure Buddy that detects the current pressure based on your location. This is activated automatically when your location services are enabled while using the app. If this satisfies you, hope you will add one more star to your review :) - Jenny
Thank you Heidi. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks for your review, Jessica! We'll take your feedback into consideration and work hard at making Migraine Buddy a 5 star app for you. :)
Dear Nitro, this problem should be fix soon in our next update. Please help us by updating the review when the problem. Perfect ratings go a long way in supporting the development of the app so thank you for your help! :)
Great to hear the app is helping! How can we improve to make it a 5 star one for you Melissa? 5 stars helps us improve faster and your support really encourages the team! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks a lot :)
Thank you for your kind words Meagan. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thanks so much Lydia!
Hi Matthew, we are actually working on pain variation and testing different prototypes as this is a complex function. We will keep you updated on this! In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster! Thanks very much :)
Thank you so much Kendra! It would be great to know how we can improve the app to earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thanks Dustin! Do come back and let us know how we can earn the missing one star back- we'd love to hear from you! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app faster!
Thanks Leslie! We are working on including changes in pain intensity. For now, have you tried to record this information in the notes section? We will keep you updated!
Thanks gemma! Glad you like the new updates!
Hi Prakirti, The first two ideas can be found here: http://goo.gl/cSfIyn we would like to know more about how you would want to track the changes in intensity. After V.8.4, the email export should be working fine- we will look into it for you from our end! Anything else we can do to get 5/5 stars? 5 stars encourages us to keep improving faster!
Dear Em, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what we can do to make the app a 5 star experience for you? Your support is important to us! Please let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks so much for the review Jacki! So glad to hear the app is helping you! How can we improve the app for you to make it a 5 star one? You can email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you! Your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster!
Thank you Madison. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you S for the lovely review! we are glad you are finding Migraine Buddy helpful!
Hi Alexandra, thanks for your detailed review! We'd love to provide widgets - we'll look into it and if it 's high enough priority we might make it happen. We really appreciate your support - we hope we are able to earn that one star back in future ;) Jenny
Hi James, not sure i understand what you mean but feel free to share your concerns with me at Jenny@healint.com. Jenny
Many thanks for your review Jess. Please feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com to discuss about potential battery use optimization. Jenny :)
Thank you for your support. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you Mary! We are working on including a time stamp for medication. You should see it soon!  How else can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? 
Hi Karla, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars and you'd like to change a few things. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Glad the app could help identify your triggers Kristy! How can it be made a 5 star app for you? We'd love to hear more feedback
Thanks for your review Lathelma! Could you let us know how we can make it a 5 star app for you? You can drop me an email at jenny@healint.com with your suggestions. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Have a nice day :)
Thanks Jackie! Could you tell us what else could we offer so that Migraine Buddy becomes a 5 star app? Drop me an email at jenny@healint.com, your suggestions and feedback will help up in continually improving the app for our users :)
Glad the app helped you corey! I'd love to know how we can earn the one missing star back- 5 stars really helps us improve the app faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks and wishing you all the best :)
Thank you for your support Tina. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need assistance with the app. Jenny
Thanks so much Jessica! It would be great to know how we can make it a 5 star app for you. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thanks :)
Thanks Sharon! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! 
Thank you for your support Ronald. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Amanda! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us to keep improving the app faster and faster! Thank you :)
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Jen, Thanks so much for your review, we're glad you find the features user-friendly! Do you have suggestions on how we can improve to earn that one more star? Email me at jenny@healint.com and we can discuss :)  Jenny
Hi BreeAnna, thanks for the review! The app should not be using more than 3-4% of the battery on your phone, however Galaxy Notes tend to use more. No worries- I have an easy fix for that. Please email me at jenny@healint.com! Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app faster! Thank you :)
Thank you Richard. Is there anything I can help with to grab the missing star? Jenny
Thanks Phil! We are looking into including pain intensity in the app. We'd love to hear your thoughts on it as well- feel free to email us at contact@healint.com
Thank you for your feedack. All the Migraine Buddy data is saved on our server, not on your phone. There is an issue with Samsung devices at the moment so if you have one please contact me at Jenny@healint.com and i will help you fix the problem. Jenny
Thanks so much Min! How can we earn the missing one star back? It would be great to hear your ideas! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com :)
So glad to hear the app is helping Mandy! Thanks for your lovely review :)
Thanks CJ. Do come back and share your thoughts as we'd love to know how we can get the one star back. your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app. :)
Thanks you so much Eileen! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Dear Melissa, could I check if you encountered any issue with the app? 4 star reviews usually for app with minor bugs and we do want to help ensure everyone has a perfect experience with the app. Could you please let me know more about the issues you've faced at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to help you troubleshoot it for you? Thank you!
Thank you for your support Tracy. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will improve the app and hopefully help me grab the missing star back. Jenny :-)
Hi Dhanisa! Thank you for your feedback and sorry for the inconvenience. Can you write to me at jenny@healint.com so I can assist you further? I look forward to your email. Thank you! =)
Hi R, could you share what you think needs to be added to the app? You can send us an email at contact@healint.com- we would love to hear your feedback. Thanks so much.
Thank you for your kind words Elaine. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Jennifer, sorry to hear you've been facing performance issues with the app - the tech team are working very hard on it and will provide improvements ASAP. We hope to earn the one star back in future! If you every face any difficulties, please contact support@healint.com. Thanks so much for your review! Jenny
Dear Joy, thank you for your feedback! Could you elaborate more on what you mean a better file extract option? Currently, it exports as a html file with your migraine record in table format. Are you hoping for an excel download or something else? Please let me know more at jenny@healint.com.
Dear Mr Marion, thank you for your support of the app. Is there anything we can do for you to earn back the missing star? Perfect reviews are important to us and go a long way to supporting what we do. =) Do let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can see what I can do for you =) Thank you!
Hi Meredith, thanks for your great suggestion! Syncing with other apps is a complex process. Currently we are working on syncing with Fitbit and Migraine Pal. If you give us 5-star reviews, it will encourage the team to work faster and better! :) - Jenny
Hi Sandra, I'm glad you like certain features! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars, which usually indicates minor errors. Are you facing an issue at the moment? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! =)
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to constantly improve and deliver a great app for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Thanks Lani! We are working on the features you suggested at the moment! For the back function, perhaps you could use the bother me later button, exit and then find the entry in the migraine calendar to edit. For some android phones like Samsung the back button of the phone usually does the trick. Feel free to get in touch if you need help! 
Hi Briana, thanks for your review! This is easy, there is an option to change your sleep timing! Could you email me at jenny@healint.com and I will help you with this :) - Jenny
Thank you for your support and kind words Tiny Head. As our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Terina, thanks very much! You actually have an area for comments in the summary screen of the migraine, just under the weather field, you can even put a time stamp for each line (button top right) and it will print with the export. try it and tell me. your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster! Thank you! jenny@healint.com
Thank you Jodi! It would be great to know how we can earn th emissing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! I would love to hear from yoU! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Hi Stephanie, we have sent you an access code. Look forward to your adjusted feedback.  Veronica
Hi D, thanks for your review! If you have any feedback or suggestions on how we can make it a 5-star app for you, please discuss with me at jenny@healint.com, we would love to hear from you :) thanks for your support with Migraine Buddy!! Jenny
Thanks Hannah! How can we make it a 5 star app for you?
Thanks Shelley! Glad you like the app- can we improve it in anyway to earn the missing one star? Your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! Thanks :)
Dear Christine, We considered this possibility but many Android phones do have occasional bugs when using the SD cards. It can create a security problem or a loss of data. Those data are very important for you, and unique. We will only do it as soon as we confirm that Android became reliable on that! Francois
Dear Jaclyn, as promised, update on the weather feature: The service is back up and running globally and should be working fine on your device. Please check and let me know at jenny@healint.com if there is any issue. If you are fully satisfied, I guess our technical team would be delighted to grab a fifth star ;) Kind regards, Jenny
Hi Bonnie, you can turn off automatic sleep detection by going into Settings. The app will not ask you your sleep timings again. I hope this helps- is there any other way we can make it a 5 star app for you? 5 stars helps us to improve faster and encourages our team a lot! Thanks :)
Dear Jody, we're glad you found the app easy to use ^^ Did you encounter a problem with the app? 4 stars are for apps with minor problems. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Rebecca! Your are right! Actually, I also often want a choice: "It may be helping now... but I am not sure yet" to come and correct at the end of the migraine. The problem... actually this additional parameter did confuse many. Now I use the note are for that. But we will find a way (ˆ_ˆ) btw, Is the cause of the removed star? Francois
Thank You Daniel! An export function will be available very soon within the app, however,if you will be visiting your doctor soon you send an email to contact@healint.com to ask for a listing of your migraine entries. The app is currently not designed for tablets, however, if you have a sim card, it can work. Take care!
Thanks for your review Lathelma! Could you let us know how we can make it a 5 star app for you? You can drop me an email at jenny@healint.com with your suggestions. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Have a nice day :)
Thank you Stéphanie, our goal is to deliver a 5* experience to our users so feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for any suggestions that will improve the app and help us grab the missing star back. ;-) Jenny
Hi janel, thanks for your review! You can add your own symptoms and relief methods by tapping add new on the screen- add as many as you like and you can delete as well! Is there any other way we can make the app a 5 star one for you? 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! Thanks so much :)
Thanks Sammye! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you!!
Thank you for your support. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Bree, thanks for your review! I'm glad to hear that the app is helping you in managing your migraines. Is there anything we can do to make it a 5-star app for you? Let me know at jenny@healint.com and we can discuss :) Jenny
Hi Sarah, glad to hear the app is helping you! Could you email me at jenny@healint.com and I can help you with some tips to make sleep detection more accurate. I'd also love to hear how we can earn the one star back as 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. Thanks and look forward to hearing from you!
Thank you Jennifer! We are glad Migraine Buddy could help you understand your migraines better. I noticed we lost one star in the rating- how can we make it a 5 star app for you? Please feel free to email us at contact@healint.com to discuss further. Thanks!!
Thank you so much Ashley! Glad the app is helping you! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app you ? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thanks so much :)
Dear Nicki, I fully understand, I also wished it could already do all that. You can vote for ideas similar to yours on our forum: goo.gl/IGRBQW and add your comments in it. As you can see most are started. Actually removing a star does not make us go program faster, rather the opposite as we also manage to do more with more users. (ˆ_ˆ) Jenny
Thanks for your review and suggestions! We are actually working hard on some of the ideas you mentioned! You can find them here and follow their development: http://goo.gl/YfegNN and http://goo.gl/accyiW. 5 stars really helps us improve the app faster so your support in getting that one star back will make a big difference for us! Thank you :)
Me too Joni! We are working hard on it. Would you like to join our testing of those functions? you can join by contacting: contact@healint.com with title "[HELP TEST] Migraine Buddy Evolution".
Hi Benoit, While multiple users on one account would be convenient to help manage kids' profile, there are privacy concerns over healthcare data which could have legal implications. Please let us know what else we can do to get the missing star back. It means a lot to the future development of the app. You can reach us at jenny@healint.com
Thank you Deborah. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Dawn, thanks so much for your review! This is a good idea and we are actually looking into it right now! We'd love to discuss it further with you- feel free to email us at contact@healint.com. Thanks!
Thank you Lorin, we are working on the best way to implemant a change during attach tracker. In the meantime you can use the note section of the migraine record to report any changes, and use the timestamp button on the top right corner of this section . You also have a stopwatch button on your medicine page to track when you have taken a medicine.
Thank you! What about the fifth star then? :-) Jenny
Hi Sue,  Great to know you find our app useful for you! :-) Could you let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? A 5-star rating is necessary for us to stand out in the App Store in order to reach out and help more migrainers. If you have any suggestions, we would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com
Thank you Desiree. You can always use the "not now" button just after having started a migraine. Then come back to fill in the different pages when you feel better. Feel free to contact me directly at jenny@healint.com if you need futher assistance. Jenny
Thank you Lauren! I'd love to know how we can earn the missing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app faster. If you have any ideas, please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much :)
Thanks Jo! We see we were one star short of 5 stars- were you disappointed with the app in anyway? How can we earn the missing one star? It would be great to hear from you! you can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
Hi Ray, thanks very much for  your review and we really appreciate your feedback. We are glad that the app helps, and want to know how we can earn that extra star! We are happy to answer any specific questions you have about Migraine Buddy's functionalities; please let us know how we can help! You can always reach us at jenny@healint.com.
We are glad that Triggers function is helpful for you. We would love to hear about your sleep tracker issue. Please reach us at jenny@healint.com describing your sleep problem :) Thanks Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Amy! Your suggestion can be found here :http://goo.gl/Nj06ni - please vote and comment! For now, you can also note down the time and amount of medication in the notes section. A lot of our users find that useful. If you have any questions, please feel free to get in touch : Contact@healint.com
Dear Mitchell, could you let me know what issues you've faced so I can help? 4 stars reviews are usually for apps with minor bugs and I'm sure the team would be able to help as long as we know what the issue is. Let me know again at jenny@healint.com Thank you!
Hi Bevan, we are working on  weather tracking and you should be able to see it soon!
Hi Cathy! You can still add information about your menstruation. You can add ovulation or menstruation as a trigger in ''Triggers" or add more information in the "Notes" screen. Email me at jenny@healint.com and let me know how I can further assist you and earn the missing stars. Jenny
Thank you! What about the fifth star then? :-) Jenny
Glad you find it helpful!
Thanks so much Samantha! I am glad you find Migraine Buddy so easy to use! Do you find something missing in Migraine Buddy based on your experience with other apps? It would be great to learn from your experience, it will help me it pushing for specific improvements. And wishing you as few migraines as possible! Jenny (Jenny@healint.com)
Thank you for your support Mia. Glad to hear your migraines are under control. Did Migraine Buddy help you in any way to fix your migraines ? Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Ruth! It's great to hear that the Buddy feature is useful for you. Is there anything else which you find the app lacking in? Do share with me at jenny@healint.com how might help us earn the extra star for a perfect score! =D
Thanks for your review Kat! We are glad that the app has been useful for you in detecting patterns in your migraines. If there is anything we can do to make this a 5 star app for you, please drop us some suggestions at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! Jenny
Thank you Kara. What can I do to grab the missing star? :-) Jenny
We hope too Stacy! feel free to reach out to me if needing help: Jenny@healint.com It would be great to see this removed star come back too (ˆ_ˆ) it helps us in improving faster, and there is so much more we want to do and improve. Jenny
Hi Dawn, we are looking into your suggestion! Would you like to give us some more feedback on what you would like to see? send us an email at contact@healint.com
Thank you Pel. We try to constantly improve the app features and look. Feel free to send me some suggestions at Jenny@healint.com  This will hopefully help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you Kathrine! The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Kristina, can you send me an email at jenny@healint.com and I will look into that for you.Thanks so much Kristina! Did you feel disappointed with the app somehow? How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thank you
Thank you! You can choose to record a migraine, headache, hangover... in the attack type section. Also note that you can customize most screens with your needs. Hope this will help enough to grab the missing star :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Nicole! We are counting on you to come back and tell us if Migraine Buddy is a 5 star app! If you have any questions, get in touch: jenny@healint.com - we are always happy to help out!!
Thank you Karen! The team is thinking about medication calendar and would love to hear more feedback on what sort of design would make most sense to users. Could you drop me a note at jenny@healint.com to discuss this further and elaborate what you would like to see in this medication calendar?
Thank you Hilary. You can indeed add any information you want including any changes happening during a migraine in the Note section of the migraine record. This section also has a timestamp that will help you know exactly when the change has occurred. Hope this will help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Dannielle, thank you for your support. Have you checked the sleep tracker setting in the menu? Please try to check it and let me know at jenny@healint.com if you need further assistance. Jenny
Hi Libby, thanks so much! We are actually working on a pain variation feature and are testing prototypes. This is a complex feature and hence we would like to test it well before implementing. Your support and 5 stars will help us to get there faster. We will keep you updated. Thanks so much!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ Which part of the triggers are you facing difficulty? Would you like to send me an email at jenny@healint.com so we can explore more? I look forward to your email! Thanks! =D
Hi Jo, you can track change in the note section of the migraine record. In the same place you also use the timestamp button on the top right corner to better manage your meds efficiency. Hope this will help you better track your migraines and hope it is enough to grab the missing star :-). Jenny
Thanks so much Samantha! I am glad you find Migraine Buddy so easy to use! Do you find something missing in Migraine Buddy based on your experience with other apps? It would be great to learn from your experience, it will help me it pushing for specific improvements. And wishing you as few migraines as possible! Jenny (Jenny@healint.com)
Thanks Steve! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? i'd love to hear your thoughts- you can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much!
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thanks for your feedback and suggestions Leslie! We are so glad to hear that Migraine Buddy has been able to help you through your migraines. We will keep you suggestions in mind for further updates. Wishing you well, Saulat
Thank you Courtney :) The 5th star would encourage our team of hard-working developers to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers
Thank you Hedder. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Melissa, Great to know that we have helped to simplify migraine-tracking for you. :) A 5 star review is important to us and will help a lot in supporting the development of new features for the app. Could you let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? Please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com
Hi Susan, thanks for your feedback! Regarding the font, you can try to increase it by going into Settings&gt;Display&gt;Fonts and then selecting a larger size for the fonts. Please email me at jenny@healint.com and I can help you out further. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app faster and faster. Thank you :)
Thank you Song Marshall. You can get a daily notification to make sure you login your daily trakcer info everyday. :-) Contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need assistance.  Would that be enough to grab the missing star for this excellent tracker ? :-) Jenny
Thank you Paula. Feel  free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would help me grab the missing star back. :-) Jenny
Thanks very much Alice!
Dear Jennifer, thank you for the review. I am surprised by your point on the medication library, did you see that you can add and search for drugs? There are more 50.000 drugs and brands referenced in our database. Maybe can you contact me at Jenny@healint.com to allow me to help you? It would be great to see the removed star come back. Jenny
Thank you Susan. If there is anything we can do to improve your Migraine Buddy experience or if you've faced any issues in the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it for you. Thank you! Jenny
Hi Courtney, yes we are looking into including an additional tracker for food at the moment. You can see this idea here: http://bit.ly/1P8hfJH. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app faster. Thanks :)
Hi Gary, not sure I understand what you mean as the app is fully free!!!  It would really help if you could let me know at Jenny@healint.com what you mean by costing so much.  Looking forward to you input. Jenny
Hi Sarah, thanks for the review! You can always start a migraine on the app when you feel it coming on, tap bother me later and fill it out later. That way you will be reminded you have a migraine running. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us to improve much faster! Thanks :)
Thanks very much for the review Claire! Glad to hear the app is helping you and your doctor as well. You can record headaches as well as migraines and show the information to your doctor. You can see this idea here: http://goo.gl/bQOxQf. Your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app faster. Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com for help!:)
Hey Kathy,  Welcome to the Migraine Buddy community! We hope Migraine Buddy proves to be useful to you and help you reduce your migraines. We hope as you learn more about the app, you would feel more confident to give us the missing star.  If you need help at any point in time, please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com
Hi there, I'm glad you like the app! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Dear Eleonore, do you mind elaborating more on what you mean by "too specific"? Please do drop us an email at jenny@healint.com so I can pass on your feedback to a team.
Thank you Amy, the coming update will give you the opportunity to record medical history.  Hope this will help grab the missing star. :-) Jenny
Thank you so much Hazel!
Thank you for your review Deborah. We're glad you've found the app helpful. 4 stars indicate minor problems with the app. May I know what we can do to we can earn the missing star and make the app even more helpful for you? Please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Claire, You can actually add as many triggers as you wish, remove, reorganize and search triggers most common to others too. I hope it helps and if so, it would be great to give the missing star back the star to our hard-working engineer to encourage them! Contact me if anything at Jenny@healint.com
Thanks CJ! Glad you like the app! I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?? You can email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you! Thanks!
Thanks Felicia! I see we were one star short of 5 stars- is there any disappointment you faced with the app? Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. I'd love to hear from you! Your support and 5 stars would help us improve faster and faster :)
Thank you Sylvia. What can i do to grab the fifth star then ? :-) Jenny
Hi Kimberly, Great to know that you found our app helpful to you. May I ask how we can improve so we can get the last star? 5 stars ratings means a lot to us and will help a lot in supporting the development of the app. :) If you have any thoughts or suggestions, please let us know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Christina!!
Hi Megan, I'm glad you love the app! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Is there anything which you find insufficient with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you and welcome to the Migraine Buddy community. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Erica, thanks for the review! Great to hear the app is helping your manage your migraine better! How can we earn the missing one star back- 5 star helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
Hi Demetria,  Your data is backed up in our servers so it is a bug if you are unable to retrieve your data. Perhaps you signed in with a different email account? Please drop us an email at jenny@healint.com so we can look into this further for you. Thank you!
Hi Alexander, for technical problem the best is to contact me via e-mail at Jenny@healint.com or via chat on our facebook chat (on top of the page: www.facebook.com/migrainebuddy/ ) - Jenny
Thank you Jodi, you can record any change during a migraine in the note section of the migraine record. This section also contain a timestamp to be more precise on when the change occurs. Jenny
Glad you like the app Chantel! I see we missed one star in the rating. How can we improve Migraine Buddy to make it a 5 star app for you? Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com with your ideas :)
Thanks so much Heather! Glad you like the app so far! Do come back and give us further feedback as we'd love to know how to get the missing one star back! Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app even further!
Thank you Rachel. What can I do to grab the missing star then ? :-) Jenny
Hi Bill, thank you for your feeback. You can always delete your entry by hittinng the bin icon at the bottom left of the migraine record page. Feel free to contact me directly at jenny@healing.com for further assistance with the app. Hopefully you will grant us the fifth star then :-) Jenny
Hi Helen, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars and you'd like to change a few things. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! =)
Hi jon, Thanks for your review.We'd love to hear more feedback from you about the sleep diary. Can you send us an email at contact@healint.com so we can discuss further. We are working on improving the sleep diary and your input would be very helpful.
Hi Kamil, I just tested the next version coming up, and the speed problem is totally gone!  Please be patient and try out our new update when it comes out in 1 or 2 weeks. If it solves your problem, please help us out by updating your review! :-) In the meantime, if you need further assistance, please feel free to contact us at jenny@healint.com
Hi Stephi, thank you for giving Migraine Buddy a chance to improve your migraine tracking. Our goal is to provide a 5 stars service so if there is anything we can do to improve your Migraine Buddy experience or if you've faced any issues in the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Jenny
Hi Amanda, thanks for your review! Glad you found Migraine Buddy. We are actually working on changes in pain intensity and if you would like to know more about it, feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. your support and 5 stars from you will help us improve the app faster! Thanks very much!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ Do drop me an email at jenny@healint.com so I can share with you more on how you can keep a record for your food. Thank you! =D
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Glad the app helped you corey! I'd love to know how we can earn the one missing star back- 5 stars really helps us improve the app faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks and wishing you all the best :)
Thanks Erica! Glad the app could help you! I'd love to hear how we can make it a 5 star app for you- 5 stars helps us improve even faster! Your support and feedback will be much appreciated. Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
Thanks so much Jamie! This is great to hear that the app has helped so much/ I see we missed one star in the rating- I'd love to hear how we can improve for you to make it a 5 star app. You can email me at jenny@healint.com with your thoughts. Thanks a lot!
Hi Kellie, can you send me an email at jenny@healint.com and I will look into this immediately. Thanks for your patience! 
Hi Lena, thanks for your comment :) As we thrive to deliver a 5-star service to our users, what can we do to deserve a 5-star rating from you? Please feel free to let me know at jenny@healint.com Jenny
Thanks Frank! What are your suggestions for improvements? We'd love to hear from you- feel free to email us at contact@healint.com. We look forward to hearing from you!
Dear Tracey,  Thanks for contacting us at contact@healint.com. We hope you have successfully used the access code by now.
Glad to hear the app could help your doc as well as you Tonya. We wish you best of luck with the MRI. Thanks for your support for the app!
Thanks Terri! Glad you like the app! It would be great to know how we can get the missing one star back. 5 stars helps us to improve the app faster and faster. Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you. Thanks :)
Thanks for your review and suggestions Chrissy! We are working on these ideas-you can vote for them and track their progress here:http://goo.gl/wmVk76. We hope to keep improving Migraine Buddy for you!
Dear  Daniele, you simply need to click on the export button, and you will have a file ready to be sent via e-mail or ready to be printed.  The format is very simple, accepted by all doctors and insurers. If any problem you can contact me on our chat: https://www.facebook.com/migrainebuddy/messages/
Thank you for your suggestion Emma. Alternatively, you can add any relevant information in the Notes section of the migraine record. :-) The fifth star would encourage our hardworking developers who make this free app the perfect tool for  migraines sufferers. Jenny
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Kelly, are you still facing issues? You can try our latest version 1671 and see our latest improvements! :) - Jenny
Thank you very much Sabrina! Glad the app is making it easier for you to track migraines. I see we missed one star in our rating- did you face any disappointments with the app? I'd love to know how we can earn that missing one star back- you can email me at jenny@healint.com! Your support and 5 stars will help us improve faster! :)
Dear Kate, an new update is available and it supports filtering the reports by the attack types! Do help us by updating to a 5-star review when you've given it a try! =) Thank you!
Thank you so much Issac! Glad to hear you like the app and will continue to use it although we hope you don't have to. I see we missed one star in the rating and would love to know how we can earn it back? 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. Thanks for your feedback :)
Hi Matthew, we are actually working on pain variation and testing different prototypes as this is a complex function. We will keep you updated on this! In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster! Thanks very much :)
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hey Laura, could I check if you encountered any issue with the app? 4 star reviews usually for app with minor bugs and we do pride ourselves on a bug free experience. Could you write to me at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to help you troubleshoot it for you? Thank you!
Thanks so much Christine! We are looking into a pain evolution feature and would love your feedback on it. Could you send me an email at jenny@healint.com to discuss further? I look forward to hearing your views on it :)
Hi D, thanks a lot for your review and great suggestion! We are working on this at the moment and you can see the the idea and it's progress here: http://goo.gl/jRuoNW. You can vote and comment here! In the meantime, 4 stars slows us down a little. Your support in helping us improve faster is much appreciated! Thanks :)
Thanks for your feedback Christine. It would be great to know how we can improve the app for you. You can go through some suggestions by other Migraine Buddy users and post your own here: http://goo.gl/hXYXuX . We work hard on updating the app based on feedback from this forum. Your feedback will surely help us improve faster!
Hi Gemma Louise! Thank you for sharing this with us. Thanks to users comments and suggestions like this, we are constantly  improving the application to make users experience better and better. Please feel free to share other suggestions with me at Jenny@healint.com! Jenny
Thank you Katrina! The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Lydia!
Thank you for your feedback. Feel free to use the notes section to record changes during your migraines. Hope this will help grab the missing stars. Wishing you a free-migraine day! Jenny
Thank you Karen! The team is thinking about medication calendar and would love to hear more feedback on what sort of design would make most sense to users. Could you drop me a note at jenny@healint.com to discuss this further and elaborate what you would like to see in this medication calendar?
Thank you Catherine. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi janel, thanks for your review! You can add your own symptoms and relief methods by tapping add new on the screen- add as many as you like and you can delete as well! Is there any other way we can make the app a 5 star one for you? 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! Thanks so much :)
Thank you Ken!! How can we improve Migraine Buddy to make it a 5 star app for you? 
Hi Helen, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars and you'd like to change a few things. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! =)
Hi Bevan, we are working on  weather tracking and you should be able to see it soon!
Thank you. The fifth stars would encourage our developers to work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks very much Amy :) 5 stars would be perfect for our hard working developers :) what can we do to grab the fifth star? Jenny
Hi Mary, you can easily export your report by going to the drop down menu and choosing export. You can then email the report to your self or your doctor. Please email us at contact@healint.com if you need any help with this. Thanks for your review :)
Hi Rachael, thank you for your feedback and sorry for the inconvenience. I see that the team is already working on your case. We will contact you soon! =)
Hi T, thanks for your review! The bother me later button in the app allows you to skip questions you don't wish to answer. You can simply enter the time and intensity then tap bother me later which will allow you to come back and enter whatever else you want to from the summary screen later.  Email me at jenny@healint.com for more info! :)
Thanks for the lovely review Colleen!
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Deb, Thanks for your review!! How can we improve it to make the app a 5 star one for you? feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com.I'd love to hear from you!
Thanks Lori! Could you send me an email so we can discuss how you would like to modify the modification screen? My email me jenny@healint.com. 5 stars helps us in improving much faster! Thank you :)
Thanks very much Anne! It would be great to know how we can earn th emissing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! I would love to hear from yoU! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Hi nickie, thanks so much for the review! We are working on editing the fields within the app- you can view this idea here: http://goo.gl/QyCac2.We will keep you updated on its progress.in the meantime how else can we make the a 5 star one for you?
Thank you Sharon! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? I'd love to hear your thoughts. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. 5 stars really helps us improve. Thank you :)
Thank you Ben. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Louise, Thanks for your feedback! Please visit http://migrainebuddy.uservoice.com to leave us suggestions or vote for ideas that appeal to you the most. We look forward to hearing from you! Kind Regards, Saulat
Thanks Malgorzata! We are glad you like the app! However we seem to have been one star short of 5 stars- we'd love to know how we can improve for you to make it a 5 star app. you can email us at contact@healint.com
Hi Sarah, we are glad you find the app useful! If you have suggestions on how to make it a 5-star app for you, please leave me an email at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much for your review :) - Jenny
Hi James, not sure i understand what you mean but feel free to share your concerns with me at Jenny@healint.com. Jenny
Dear Sougat,  We are sorry to hear about your disappointment. We limited access to the app because we are worried that some people would misuse it. Until we release a lite version that is less restricted, we will be happy to offer you an early user access code. Please send an email to contact@healint.com to get it.  Best Regards, Ali
Thank you Niki. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for Migraine Sufferers. Jenny
Hi Desirae, The team is working on prototyping tracking pain intensity. In the meantime, you can track changes in pain intensity in the notes section of the migraine. The notes section has a timestamp function that lets you take note of the pain intensity. If you need more help, please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com
Hi Busisiwe, thanks very much for your review! Could you send me an email at jenny@healint.com so I can help you with the sleep diary. For adding extra medication and triggers, you can simply tap Add new on those screens! Your support and 5 stars can help us improve much faster! Thanks :)
Thanks very much Andrea! Glad you like the app. We are working on improving faster and faster  migraine research and hope eventually we can reach this goal of a cure. Do you have ideas on how we can improve? We'd love to hear how we can make it a 5 star app for you. You can email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Thank you Jaime.Food tracking is a development that we considered adding to the app.  Please read more here: http://www.migrainebuddy.com/the-curse-of-migraine-food-tracking/ Instead, we have developed food tracking and coaching services to deal with food and migraines. Please read more here: https://migrainefoodcoaching.squarespace.com/ Jenny
Thank you Tammy. What can i do to grab the fifth star ? :-) Jenny
Hi Karen, Please go back to the settings in the app (top left of homepage) . In the sleep tracker section you can enter your regular sleep time. The app will then detect your sleep only between those hours. If it works then don't forget to come back to the 5th star :-) Let me know at jenny@healint.com if you need further assistance.  Jenny
Thank you for your suggestion Tyler. I will inform the developers. Meanwhile you can add any information you wish to in the note section of the migraine record.  Please let me know at jenny@healint.com if you have any more suggestions to share in order to improve the app and maybe grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Michelle! How can we make it a 5 star app for you?
Thanks Robyn! Glad the app can help during doctor visits. I see we missed one star in the rating- is there any way we can improve? You can email me at jenny@healint.com to share your thoughts! 5 stars are incredibly encouraging for our team and help us improve faster. Your support will be much appreciated!
Dear Kimberle, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what improvements you have in mind in order to make this app a 5 star experience for you? Your support is important to us! Please let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you Tawanna. What can i do to grab the fifth star? :-) Jenny
Thank you! You can get back your sleep record by folllowing the steps shown in this video https://youtu.be/WbvaSj1tjZk . The samsung bug can be fixed  by following those steps https://youtu.be/k-hf8MyBnbE Hope these will help me grab the missing star :-) Jenny
Great to hear Amber! I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? I'd love to hear from you- please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com! Thanks :)
Dear Jan, It is great to hear that the pre-set questions are helping you. (you can also skip some if you wish). And feel free to add more information in the Notes, I am sure you have more to record. You can see the coming function here: http://goo.gl/8psS1O Your requests requires more votes. I will send you some links to good period trackers.  
Thanks very much Alice!
Thanks Maya!! We are working on a feature to track pain variation and location. We are testing prototypes and will keep you updated on this. However, in the meantime, your support and  5 stars helps us to improve much faster! Thanks :)
Dear Christine, We considered this possibility but many Android phones do have occasional bugs when using the SD cards. It can create a security problem or a loss of data. Those data are very important for you, and unique. We will only do it as soon as we confirm that Android became reliable on that! Francois
Hi Evi, Thanks for your feedback! This helps us to continually improve the app.The app runs in the background to ensure that all your data is synchronized. We are also working on improving the reports at the moment and soon you should be able to see more cumulative results. Kindly also check your email for more details! Kind Regards.
Dear Rachel, do you mean that you would like to add a new trigger named "Saccharine"? In that case, you could use the "Add New" icon at the bottom of the screen to add relevant triggers. If that's not the issue you've faced, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can help you :) Thank you!
Hi Jalaina, 4 star reviews usually indicates minor problems with the app. Could you let us know what we can do to fix your problems with the app and earn back the missing star? Each and every perfect review is important to supporting the development of the app. Please let us know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you very much Nancy! I see we missed one star in the rating- may we know how we can improve to make it a 5 star app for you? We'd love to hear your feedback! You can email me at jenny@healint.com Thanks a lot!
Thanks for the review and suggestions audrey! We are looking into including the evolution of migraine in the app and would love your feedback on it. Could you send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss more? Thanks so much!
Thank you Emma!
Thanks Dhanashree! Great to hear you find it useful. May we know why the missing one star- 5/5 is super encouraging for us. Helps us keep getting better and better!
Hi Tami, thanks for the suggestion! We are looking into this at the moment and would love some feedback from you. Could you send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further.
Thanks Nina! How can we earn the missing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your review Ashley! I see we missed one star in the rating- is there anyway we can improve to make it a 5 star app for you? I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. 5 stars encourages our team greatly and helps us improve much faster!
Dear Abdul Nazar,  We should like to give you one of the early users access codes. Please send us an email at contact@healint.com.  Best Regards, Ali
Thank you Mary! We are working on including a time stamp for medication. You should see it soon!  How else can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? 
Hi Jen, thanks for your review! We are looking on removing unwanted items and will keep you updated on this. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app faster! Thanks :)
Thank you Gabriela. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for any suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back. :-) Jenny
Hi Terri, your specialist would be interested in the maximum pain intensity of your migraine and that should be what you log as your pain intensity. If you like to record the changes in pain intensity, you can try using "Notes" section of your migraine record. Please support us by updating this review if our suggestions have helped! Thank you!
Thanks so much Christina!!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Dear Joy, thank you for your feedback! Could you elaborate more on what you mean a better file extract option? Currently, it exports as a html file with your migraine record in table format. Are you hoping for an excel download or something else? Please let me know more at jenny@healint.com.
Thanks Elynia! We hope you can come back let us know what you thought- we'd love to know how we can earn the missing one star back. Five stars helps us to improve much faster! Thanks very much :)
Hi mallywolfe you can easily enter a past migraine in the app by choosing input time on the Start and end time screen. After that, change the date and then the time and do the same for the end time. You can record a migraine as usual after that. If you have some problems please email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Dear Tyra, could you let me know if you've encountered any issues while using the app? 4 stars ratings are usually for apps with minor bugs. If you've faced any issues, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it as soon as possible. Thank you for your help!
Thank you Jasmine! Glad you find the app helpful! Is there anything i can do to grab the missing star back? Jenny
Thank you J. Charles. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers.  Jenny :-)
Thank you!. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Thank you Katherine. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers! :-) Jenny
Thanks Tara ! It is great to read your feedback! If your records are for a doctor, just put the maximum pain level and let it be 1 migraine record, even over multiple days. You can take some notes too. But we are working on pain variation too, and we feed our team with stars (ˆ_ˆ) it's magic, the more stars, the faster we program new functions! 
Hi Rebecca, Thank you for your feedback. Glad to know that you and your doctor both like Migraine Buddy. Migraine Buddy has a notes section in the Migraine Record page to allow you record any additional information. You can record your med intake in the Migraine Impact report calendar from the Buddies page.  Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Jim,after the new update, all you need to do is keep the app open for a while as it is backing up data. After this is done, the app will work at the same speed as it did before. Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com at any time for help! thanks for your inconvenience!
Hi Dorothy! Glad to know you're liking your initial experience of the app. Do help us by updating this rating whenever you feel comfortable! Perfect ratings would help us to go much faster. Your support and review means a lot to the team. Thanks very much :) If you have any questions, you can let me know at jenny@healint.com.
Dear Sandy,  Thank you for your support. You can indeed choose your preferred system of measurement ( metric/imperial): main menu/ settings/ buddies settings. This this will help enough for you to give us the missing star :-) Please also contact me at jenny@healint.com for any further request/suggestion. Jenny
Thanks CJ. Do come back and share your thoughts as we'd love to know how we can get the one star back. your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app. :)
Thanks JAe! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one? feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ Which part of the triggers are you facing difficulty? Would you like to send me an email at jenny@healint.com so we can explore more? I look forward to your email! Thanks! =D
Thanks Courtney! The app offers a comprehensive view of your migraines so everything you record can be conveyed accurately. You can make use of the 'bother me later' button if you want to skip them :)  Regarding tracking of pain variation, you can mention these in the notes section, there's a useful timestamp feature. Hope this helps! - Jenny
Thank you Shannon. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you Kianna! We are glad you like the app! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Tobias. We are working on the best way to track changes during a migraine. Check out for future udpates. Jenny
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our hardworking developers to make this free app the perfect tool for  migraines sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Patrick! Do you mind sharing with me more at jenny@healint.com about the specifications you'd want to see on Migraine Buddy? It'll be helpful for me to understand your needs and I can raise it to the team for discussion.
Hi there, thanks so much for your feedback! For times during work, you can just press no and then delete that sleep time. We will work on improving this! You can email your reports to your self by going to the drop down menu and choosing Export. let me know if you have any questions: jenny@healint.com. thanks!
Thank you Heidi. Doctors do not recommend to have such 1shot button as this will prevent users from recording any changes that might make the difference in term of diagnostic and treatment. Jenny
Thank you Lucila.The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for Migraine Sufferers! :-) Jenny
Dear Abby, I just see your comment, and thought "ouch, we need to adjust the interface to make it easier to find". Actually on the summary page of the migraine, at the bottom, you have a "attack type". If you specify you headache as headache, this will allow you to analyse those together or separately from the migraines. Jenny@healint.com
Thank you Diane. Feel free to contact me directly at Jenny@healint.com and I will assist you in fixing the sleep detection. Hopefully this will help me grab the missing star. :-) Jenny
Thanks for recommending the app Cate! Your support is much appreciated :)
Thank you Kritina. Feel free to let me know at jenny@healint.com how I can assist you and grab the missing star.:) Jenny
Hi Andy, thanks for your review! I'd love to hear what you had in mind regarding reminders. We are looking into some features like that and it would be great to get your feedback. You can email me at jenny@healint.com Thanks!
Thank you, the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Melissa, Great to know that we have helped to simplify migraine-tracking for you. :) A 5 star review is important to us and will help a lot in supporting the development of new features for the app. Could you let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? Please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com
Thank you Samuel. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks Maya!! We are working on a feature to track pain variation and location. We are testing prototypes and will keep you updated on this. However, in the meantime, your support and  5 stars helps us to improve much faster! Thanks :)
Thank you Elizabeth. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Maria! Thank you for your feedback! You'll be happy to know that the app does not take up much space on your device as all data are stored in the server. Kindly send me an email at jenny@healint.com if you have further queries. =)
We started the investigations on the best technical method, as well as design approach for this point. More news soon! Your 5-star ratings would really motivate and encourage us to work harder to bring updates for our users. :) - Jenny
Thank you Tiffany. There are 2 ways to record notes in the app. 1 during a migraine in the note section of the migraine record. 2 in the sleep tracking notes. You can also customize the daily tracker to fit your needs. Hope this helps. Jenny
Thanks Di! How can we make is 5 star app for you?
Hi Elizabeth, you can create multiple accounts in Migraine Buddy. You just need to use another device than the one you use for your child. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com if you need assistance. Jenny
Hi Tracy, thanks for your suggestions! We are working on including your suggestions in the app and you should see them soon! 
Hi Petro, thanks for your positive review! Are there certain features or improvements that you would like to see in the app? Feel free to email me and we can discuss jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Thanks so much Carrie! Please do come back and update us- we'd love to hear how we can earn the missing one star back! Your support and 5 stars will help us improve much faster!
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Heather, has the app been useful for you in managing your migraines? If you have any suggestions on how we can improve the app to make it a 5-star app, you can email me at jenny@healint.com :) Otherwise you can also try our latest version 1671 for our latest features! - Jenny
Thank you Sharra. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Rara,  Thank you for calling us "great"! Most great apps on Play Store get 5 star rating. Could you let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? The missing star is really important to us and would help the development of new features for the app. Please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com! Thank you!
Hi Christopher. The sticky 'active sleep detection' notification during the time of the day/night that you set up for sleep detection. This is a compatibility requirement fro Android Oreo and Pie. It does not alter anything to the sleep detection quality and does not use more battery  power either. This notification cannot be removed. Jenny
Thanks a lot for your feedback Tonya. Your idea is a very popular one! You can find it here: http://goo.gl/jrUVAS this a complex function and we would love to get some feedback on it from you! In the meantime, how else can we make the app a 5 star one for you? 5 stars encourages us a lot and helps us improve faster!
Thank you Alice. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Dear Catherine, thank you for the feedback; we are glad you are finding the app useful so far! We strive for perfection and would love to understand how we can improve further to help you reach your goals. Please contact us at jenny@healint.com to let us know how we can do better and earn that missing star:) Wishing you a migraine-free week ahead!
Thank you for your support Ronald. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you Lori. Glad to see that the app is matching your needs. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Daphne, we removed the sleep graph due to feedback from many users about the difficulty in reading it. We moved your sleep timings in the Migraine calendar, so you can see how sleep relates to your migraines. You can email me at jenny@healint.com so we can further discuss this! 
Thank you Karaiko. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions or assistance. I'd be glad to assist you enough to grab the fifth star :-). Jenny
Hi Pavi,  You can use "My Triggers" section to track help you to figure out your triggers! It is a place for you to track daily happenings e.g. weather, food etc. When you log a migraine, things which happened recently would be highlighted in the trigger selection. Let me know at jenny@healint.com if you need more help!
Hi Rebecca, Thank you for your feedback. Glad to know that you and your doctor both like Migraine Buddy. Migraine Buddy has a notes section in the Migraine Record page to allow you record any additional information. You can record your med intake in the Migraine Impact report calendar from the Buddies page.  Jenny
Thank you for your support Crystal. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Great to hear the app is helping Lauren! I see we missed one star in the rating, is there anyway we can improve to make it a 5 star one for you? I'd love to hear from you- feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks :)
Hi Brittany, thank you for your support. Please contact me at jenny@healint.com and I will assist you in getting back the automatic sleep record. Meanwhile the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Karla, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars and you'd like to change a few things. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Shirley, thanks for your review! We are glad you find the app useful. Could you let me know how we can make it into a 5-star app for you? We always welcome feedback and suggestions from our users! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com :) Jenny
Thank you Lauren! I'd love to know how we can earn the missing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app faster. If you have any ideas, please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much :)
Thank you for your feedback Colleen. You can keep a record of your migraine changes in the note section of the migraine report. In this same place you can also use the timestamp button on the top right corner to make those comments even more precise. Hope this will help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Lauren, Thank you for your review. Could you let us know what we can improve on to earn the last star? 5 star reviews would mean a lot to us in supporting the development of the app. Free feel to drop us a note at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Rebekah, thanks so much for your review! We hope the app proves to be even more useful for you in future. If it does, do come back and give us one more star, it would really help so much ^^ Otherwise, you can email me at jenny@healint.com to discuss any improvements we can make to the app. I will be happy to hear from you :) Jenny
Thank you! If you have any suggestions for how we may improve the app, please let me know anytime at jenny@healint.com.
Hi Helen! Thank you for your ratings. I'm glad you found the app helpful. If you have any suggestions how we can make the app better, please share with me at jenny@healint.com! =D
Dear Abby, I just see your comment, and thought "ouch, we need to adjust the interface to make it easier to find". Actually on the summary page of the migraine, at the bottom, you have a "attack type". If you specify you headache as headache, this will allow you to analyse those together or separately from the migraines. Jenny@healint.com
Thank you for your feedback. I would love to hear more about the further details you would like to put in the app. Please contact me at jenny@healint.com and i will share with you some ways to customize the app and insert notes. Hope this will help to grab the fifth star back :-) Jenny
Thank you Danielle. In fact you can track prodrome and postdrome separately or along with another attack. You can also track migraines changes in the note section of your migraine record. This section also has a timestamp to better track all changes. Hope this will help enough to grab the fifth star :-) Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com
Thank you! The fifth star would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hello Laura, and thank you for the feedback! Right now, logging preventative medications is possible in the notes section. Please let us know how we can earn that extra star. Feel free to email me any time at jenny@healint.com and I would be happy to answer answer any questions you have:)
Thank you for your kind words Aleisha. The app doesn't support the picture format yet. A fifth star would encourage our team of developers who are working hard to make this app as accurate as possible for users. :-)Jenny
Thanks very much Lisa! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Amanda, thanks for your review! Glad you found Migraine Buddy. We are actually working on changes in pain intensity and if you would like to know more about it, feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. your support and 5 stars from you will help us improve the app faster! Thanks very much!
Thank you Rebekah. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Natalie, thanks so much for your review! We are glad the app has helped you to identify triggers and patterns in your migraines. If you have any suggestions on how to make it a 5-star app, please email me at jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
You are welcome Cris :) Thank you for your kind words! Glad that you find the app friendly. May I know what improvement we can do to better help you and earn the missing star? Jenny
Hi Todd, you can use the attack type section to track some postdrome and aura. You can even customize this section and add a "migraine with aura" or Migraine with postdrome"attack that you can comment in the note section of the migraine record. You can also filter your report by attack type then. Hope this helps.Jenny
Thank you Joe for your feedback! We are rolling out a darker theme soon (probably in the next next update!) Do help us by updating this review when this feature is available. Getting back the missing star will really mean a lot to the team. Thank you!
Hi Jennifer, sorry to hear you've been facing performance issues with the app - the tech team are working very hard on it and will provide improvements ASAP. We hope to earn the one star back in future! If you every face any difficulties, please contact support@healint.com. Thanks so much for your review! Jenny
Thank you Patricia! How could we make this a 5 star app for you?
Hi Malorie, Thanks for the review. How can we improve the symptom check? At the moment, you can add your own triggers- as many as you like. You can email me at jenny@healint.com and discuss further.
Thanks Di! How can we make is 5 star app for you?
Hi Annie, thanks so much for your feedback! Do come back to tell us how you liked the app- we'd love to earn the missing one star back as it really helps us grow faster. Thanks and look forward to hearing from you! :)
Hi Amy we have received your email and replied to you to understand the problem you are facing with the sleep diary. Kindly check your email! Thanks
Thanks for your review Kat! We are glad that the app has been useful for you in detecting patterns in your migraines. If there is anything we can do to make this a 5 star app for you, please drop us some suggestions at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! Jenny
Thank you Tracy. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com with suggestions that would help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you Kait! The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Dear Adrienne, actually you can create a migraine at a past date. This is very easy: you just create a "new" migraine and chose manually a start date and end date in the past with the buttons on the right ("input time").  I hope this solved the problem. (a 5/5 stars would be great! then we can focus on new functions). Francois
Hi Sue,  Great to know you find our app useful for you! :-) Could you let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? A 5-star rating is necessary for us to stand out in the App Store in order to reach out and help more migrainers. If you have any suggestions, we would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to constantly improve and deliver a great app for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Thank you David. Please contact me directly at jenny@healint.com as there are ways to enter different types of migraines and record pain level changes during an attack. Hope this will me grab the missing star :-) Jenny
Dear Navanit, Thank you for this feedback. 3/5 is a very low rating. To give you a point of comparison: 3 stars apps are usually apps crashing continuously. Does it represent the experience you faced with Migraine Buddy? (we will develop more when above 4.5 average rating, to be sure that we are doing the basics right.)
Thank you Angela! I see we lost one star in the rating. How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? Share your thoughts with us: contact@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Shlemyith! Glad to see that you like it already. But I see that you did put 3/5 rating. This is a very low rating usually associated with apps having major bugs. Do you face a problem? You can contact me at Jenny@healin.com to talk about it (ˆ_ˆ)
Thank you Stacy! It would be great to know the reason for the removed star- 5 stars helps us to go much faster. Your support and review will help us improve the app much faster. Thanks very much :) You can email me at jenny@healint.com.
Hi Jennifer, can you send me an email at jenny@healint.com and I can help you with this issue. Sorry for the inconvenience! 
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Shaunna. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers!! :-) Jenny
Thank you Bazilla! I see that you removed a star, feel free to contact me francois@healint.com to solve the problem you may have faced. And make everything be a 5/5 for you. Francois
I agree Victoria, there is something strange here. May I suggest to deactivate the sleep detection for now? And maybe contact me at Jenny@healint.com for me to investigate why this is happening?
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks Hannah! How can we make it a 5 star app for you?
Hi Sherry, we are glad to hear the app has been helpful for you. We have customized details reports available, you can email me at jenny@healint.com and I will assist you further! Thanks so much for taking the time to leave a review, much appreciated :) - Jenny
Hi there, we're glad the app helped you! ^^ Did you encounter a problem with the app? 4 stars are for apps with minor problems. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Jen, As we discussed you can send your reports to your doctor for free using the Export feature in the main menu of the app. Jenny
Thank you Susan, the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thanks Adrian! How can we improve it to get the missing one star back? I'd love to hear your ideas- my email is jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster and also encourages our team. Thank you :)
Hi Claire, thanks for your feedback! It would be great to know how we can fine tune the app and improve it for you. Your feedback will be very helpful. You can email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you!
Hi Sandra, I'm glad you like certain features! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars, which usually indicates minor errors. Are you facing an issue at the moment? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! =)
Thanks for your review Kat! We are glad that the app has been useful for you in detecting patterns in your migraines. If there is anything we can do to make this a 5 star app for you, please drop us some suggestions at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! Jenny
Dear Kerstin, if you would like to keep track of how long your aura lasts, you can write that down in the "Notes" section of your migraine. If my suggestions do not solve your needs, could you drop me a note at jenny@healint.com to help me understand what you mean by "record the days you had aura symptoms"? Thank you!
Thank you very much Richard for your continuous support and most valuable input. This is very encouraging for us to keep on pushing for further Migraine Buddy enhancements. We strive to make the app more and more helpful and deliver a five star service to the users. Please feel free to share more suggestions directly with me at jenny@healint.com
Hi Michele, thanks for the review! We are actually looking into your suggestions of removing and adding categories. You can find the idea here and vote for it: http://goo.gl/DEZyN0 We work very hard to improve the app based on user feedback. 5 stars from our users and helps us improve faster! Would love to see 5 stars from you too! :) 
Dear Daniel, the location data is used to provide you with more accurate weather info for your migraines because there are cities so big that weather could differ drastically within the same city at the same time. If this answer helped, please help me by updating this review. If you have other reservations, do let me know at jenny@healint.com
Thanks so much Victoria!
Thanks for the review leslie! Great to hear the app is helping you! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back- you can email me at jenny@healint.com to share feedback! Your support and 5 stars will help us to improve the app much faster. Thank you!! :)
Thanks for the lovely review Colleen!
Thank you E! How can we make it a five star app for you?
Dear Shruthi, 4 star reviews are usually for apps with minor bugs. Could you advise what issues you've faced in the app so I understand how we may improve this app to a 5 star experience for you? I would love to hear from you again at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! :)
Thank you Starla for your support of the app! I hope you can help us update this review when you are more comfortable with the app! 5 star reviews means a lot to the team and help us move faster. If you have suggestions on how we may improve to earn the missing star from you, please let me know at jenny@healint.com ^^
Hi Demetria,  Your data is backed up in our servers so it is a bug if you are unable to retrieve your data. Perhaps you signed in with a different email account? Please drop us an email at jenny@healint.com so we can look into this further for you. Thank you!
Thank you very much Kimberly! Hope it helps your doc too!
Hi Marcelle, you can choose to turn of the notifications if you wish to :-) For each chat group you have 3 vertical points on the right hand side that allows you to unfriend or mute the chat :-) Hope this will help grab the missing star! Jenny
Hi there, thanks so much for your review! We hope you find the app helpful. Do you have any ideas how we can make it a 5-star app for you? Drop me an email at jenny@healint.com and we can discuss further :) Jenny
Thank you for your review Andrea. If there is anything we can do to improve your Migraine Buddy experience or if you've faced any issues in the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it for you. Thank you!
Hi Rebecca, Thank you for your feedback. Glad to know that you and your doctor both like Migraine Buddy. Migraine Buddy has a notes section in the Migraine Record page to allow you record any additional information. You can record your med intake in the Migraine Impact report calendar from the Buddies page.  Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Todd, you can use the attack type section to track some postdrome and aura. You can even customize this section and add a "migraine with aura" or Migraine with postdrome"attack that you can comment in the note section of the migraine record. You can also filter your report by attack type then. Hope this helps.Jenny
Thank you William, the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you Mona! May we know how we can make it a 5 star app for you? Would be great to hear your suggestions!! jenny@healint.com
Thanks Jim! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Hi James, not sure i understand what you mean but feel free to share your concerns with me at Jenny@healint.com. Jenny
Dear Mr Marion, thank you for your support of the app. Is there anything we can do for you to earn back the missing star? Perfect reviews are important to us and go a long way to supporting what we do. =) Do let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can see what I can do for you =) Thank you!
Thanks for your feedback and suggestions Leslie! We are so glad to hear that Migraine Buddy has been able to help you through your migraines. We will keep you suggestions in mind for further updates. Wishing you well, Saulat
Hi there, I'm glad you like the app! ^^ You can note the variation of pain in your migraine with the "Notes" field. There's even a timestamp function in the top right corner of the Notes screen. If my suggestion has helped, please help us update this review. If not, please contact me at jenny@healint.com so I may understand your needs better ^^
Dear Chantal, Can you contact me at Jenny@healint.com? Going through the screens takes normally no more than 60s.  My first thought is that you must have a big problem with your internet connection, but I would like to investigate!  Talk to you soon, we will find a solution! Jenny
Thanks for your review Rebecca. Please do let me know how we can improve the app for you, we really wish to catch this missing star back and provide you with a 5 star service :) you can also contact me directly at jenny@healint.com
Hi Branden, you can track Auras through the attack type section. In there you can add an Aura attack and comment it as you would for a migraine. Hope this will help enough to grab the fifth star :-) otherewise feel free to contact me directly at Jenny@healint.com .  Jenny :-)
Glad the app can help with making migraine tracking easier for you! You can now use the new notes section in the sleep diary to record details outside of a migraine ( not just for sleep). Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster. Thank you :)
Hi Madi!  Great to know that Migraine Buddy has helped you in communicating with the doctors. Is there anything we can improve on to make this a 5 star experience for you? The missing star is important to support the development of new features for the app so please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Dear Mitchell, could you let me know what issues you've faced so I can help? 4 stars reviews are usually for apps with minor bugs and I'm sure the team would be able to help as long as we know what the issue is. Let me know again at jenny@healint.com Thank you!
Thanks Phil! We are looking into including pain intensity in the app. We'd love to hear your thoughts on it as well- feel free to email us at contact@healint.com
Dear Brianna, thank you for your review! We're glad you liked it so far. Please help us by updating this review whenever you feel more comfortable with the app. 5 stars reviews would really help the team a lot and let us move faster with the app. If you have any thoughts/suggestions, I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Kim, Thanks for your feedback and suggestions! Please visit http://migrainebuddy.uservoice.com/ to share your ideas with us and to vote for ideas that appeal most to you! We look forward to hearing from you, Kind Regards, Saulat
Dear Genea, I'm glad to hear that you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Kimberly, thanks so much ! We are working on including weather tracking for Migraine Buddy- we will keep you updated on this. It would be great to know if this is the only reason to remove 1 star from the rating- are there any other ways we can improve for you to make it a 5 star app? You can email me at jenny@healint.com with your thoughts!
Hi Lauren, Thank you for your review. Could you let us know what we can improve on to earn the last star? 5 star reviews would mean a lot to us in supporting the development of the app. Free feel to drop us a note at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Guy. Anything I can do to grab the missing star? :-) Jenny
Thanks Latisha! We'd love to hear how we can make this a 5 star app for you! Please email us at contact@healint.com- we look forward to your feedback!
Thanks for choosing Migraine Buddy Tammy! We hope it can help you better manage your migraines. Do come back and tell us what you think- 5 stars is very helpful for us in improving the app faster. You can also email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much :)
Thank you William, the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Dannielle, thank you for your support. Have you checked the sleep tracker setting in the menu? Please try to check it and let me know at jenny@healint.com if you need further assistance. Jenny
Dear Megan, we're glad you found the app easy to use ^^ Did you encounter a problem with the app? 4 stars are for apps with minor problems. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
We are glad that Triggers function is helpful for you. We would love to hear about your sleep tracker issue. Please reach us at jenny@healint.com describing your sleep problem :) Thanks Jenny
Thank you Dileswar. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Dear Tammy, you are right, and we are working on the removal. It will come after some functions which are needed to improve the records, but it will come. It is great to see your enthusiasm and high expectations. (ˆ_ˆ)
Thanks so much Amanda! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. Thanks
Hi Kerri, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars, which usually indicates minor errors. Are you facing an issue at the moment? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! =)
Thank you J. Charles. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers.  Jenny :-)
Thank you for your support! 4 stars rating are for apps with minor problems. If you are facing problems, could you please drop me an email at jenny@healint.com to let me know more so I can fix it and make it a 5 star experience for you? Thank you!
Thank so much for your review Emma! I am glad to hear the app can help you and hopefully will help your doctor's appointment as well. However I see one star missing in the rating? Do you feel the app can be improved in some way? I'd love to hear your thoughts as 5 stars really helps us improve faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thank you for your support Ronald. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks Syikin! I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com with your ideas! I'd love to hear your thoughts :)
Thank you Melissa! Glad you found Migraine Buddy useful in finding triggers. How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you??
Dear Madison, I would love to have a discussion to fully understand the problems you faced with your healthcare provider and try to help. To this date more than 40.000 doctors have used the reports from migraine buddy, and insurers accept those reports as medical documentation. I am pretty confident I can help. Jenny@healint.com
Thank you for your support! What can I do to grab the missing star then? :-) Jenny
Hi Arin, thanks for your feedback! In our latest update, we have a new feature called "My Triggers" which allows you to record anything you may wish to track, eg. time of medication, you can try it out and let me know what you think at jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Thank you so much Tara! Glad you like the app and the new update. I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we earn it back? We'd love to hear from you! 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster and add new features like the weather much faster. Thanks!
Hi Kris, Thank very much for your review! We are working hard on a prototype for changing pain intensity- would you like to help us test it out? Your feedback would be very helpful! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. 5 stars really encourages us to go faster- it would be great to hear if we can make it a 5 star app in any other way as well. :)
Thanks very much Carolyn! How can we earn the missing one star back? It would be great to hear your ideas! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Thank you Hilary. You can indeed add any information you want including any changes happening during a migraine in the Note section of the migraine record. This section also has a timestamp that will help you know exactly when the change has occurred. Hope this will help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Dear Amy, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what we can do to earn the missing start? Perfect reviews are important to support the team. Please let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks very much Amy :) 5 stars would be perfect for our hard working developers :) what can we do to grab the fifth star? Jenny
Dear Kelly, we have been working hard on rectifying this speed problem. I just received the latest Beta of the update, and the app will be even faster than before. Can you wait at least 1 week more? We are being careful and have added 1 more test cycle to be sure to correct everything. Jenny@healint.com
Hi Gary, not sure I understand what you mean as the app is fully free!!!  It would really help if you could let me know at Jenny@healint.com what you mean by costing so much.  Looking forward to you input. Jenny
HI Melissa, please contact me at Jenny@healint.com for assistance on how to best use the app. Jenny
Hi there, I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks very much Amanda! Glad you like the app! How can we improve it to make it a 5 star one? 5 stars really helps us to improve the app much faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks for the support!
Thanks for your feedback Kelly! Yes, adding more symptoms and triggers is something we have planned for future updates to the app. You can follow the progress here: http://goo.gl/zKiI7Y. Tracking pain evolution is a complex function and we are looking into it at the moment. It would be great if we cant talk further about this! jenny@healint.com
Thank you for your support Subha, I would bring back the suggestion to our developers. Please also contact me at jenny@healint.com and let me know how I can further assist you and earn the missing stars. Jenny
Thank you for your kind words Aleisha. The app doesn't support the picture format yet. A fifth star would encourage our team of developers who are working hard to make this app as accurate as possible for users. :-)Jenny
Hi Kathryn, thanks for your review. If you have any suggestions on what we can do to make it a 5-star app for you, feel free to discuss with me at jenny@healint.com. :) - Jenny
Dear Judy, I am very sad to read this. You know you can simply contact us by writing an e-mail to support@healint.com We are here to help! Jenny
Hi Benoit, While multiple users on one account would be convenient to help manage kids' profile, there are privacy concerns over healthcare data which could have legal implications. Please let us know what else we can do to get the missing star back. It means a lot to the future development of the app. You can reach us at jenny@healint.com
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi vergie! Thanks so much for your review. We are glad you are liking the app- do let us know how we can improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you.
Thank you Lorraine for the review, I would like to understand the source of the removed star. I want to be sure that we are doing things right! It would be great if you could contact me at Jenny@healint.com
Thank you Sandra. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers! Jenny
Thanks so much Lindsey!
Hi Dannielle, thank you for your support. Have you checked the sleep tracker setting in the menu? Please try to check it and let me know at jenny@healint.com if you need further assistance. Jenny
Thanks so much Suzanne! It would be great to know how we can earn th emissing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! I would love to hear from yoU! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thank you Hilary. You can indeed add any information you want including any changes happening during a migraine in the Note section of the migraine record. This section also has a timestamp that will help you know exactly when the change has occurred. Hope this will help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks for the review Tanya! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Mona! May we know how we can make it a 5 star app for you? Would be great to hear your suggestions!! jenny@healint.com
Dear Bethie, yes, this is certainly challenging, I would recommend you to consider how you would have recorded it in a traditional paper diary. It will increase the chances of getting a good understanding from your doctor.
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you Jennifer. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com and I will assist you in getting back on track the sleep feature. Hope this will worth the 5th star :-) Jenny
Thank you very much Sabrina! Glad the app is making it easier for you to track migraines. I see we missed one star in our rating- did you face any disappointments with the app? I'd love to know how we can earn that missing one star back- you can email me at jenny@healint.com! Your support and 5 stars will help us improve faster! :)
Hi Lena, thanks for your comment :) As we thrive to deliver a 5-star service to our users, what can we do to deserve a 5-star rating from you? Please feel free to let me know at jenny@healint.com Jenny
Thanks so much Denise! So glad the app is helping you, however, it would be great to know how we can win the one missing star back. It would be great to hear your ideas as 5 star really helps us improve faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com- thanks so much :)
Thanks for your review Catherine! If you have any suggestions on how we can make Migraine Buddy a 5-star app for you, please drop us an email at jenny@healint.com :)
Thank you Laura. The fifth star would encourage our team of developer who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Amy, the coming update will give you the opportunity to record medical history.  Hope this will help grab the missing star. :-) Jenny
Dear K Jones, could you write in to me at jenny@healint.com so we can look into how we can get the app to start working for you again? Otherwise, you can chat via facebook here: http://m.me/migrainebuddy
Dear Ronn, you can export your migraine records from within your app. You can do so by tapping on the icon in the top left corner of the Home screen and then tap on "Export". If this helps you, do help us by updating this review =) If this doesn't solve your problems, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can understand your need!
Hi Joy! We are glad you like the app! How can we improve it to make it a 5 star one for you?  Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks :)
Thank you Hailey Jo Kelly. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hello, and thank you for the feedback! Please let us know how we can earn that extra star. Feel free to email me any time at jenny@healint.com and I would be happy to answer answer any questions you have.
Thank you so much Gemma!
Thank you for your kind review, Shari! Glad to know that Migraine Buddy is making it easier for you to keep your doctor informed! What improvement do you think is needed so that we can earn the last star? :) Jenny
Hello, and thank you for the feedback! Please let us know how we can earn that extra star. Feel free to email me any time at jenny@healint.com and I would be happy to answer answer any questions you have.
Thank you Ken!! How can we improve Migraine Buddy to make it a 5 star app for you? 
Thank you Janne. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance with the app. Jenny
Thanks Steve! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? i'd love to hear your thoughts- you can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much!
Dear Vanessa,  Sorry to hear about your migraines. Please send an email to contact@healint.com to get an early user access code.  Best Regards,  Ali
Hi Vickie, thanks for the review! You can easily print your reports by going to export in the drop down menu and emailing your report to yourself.
Thank you for your support. Is there anything I can do to grab the 5th star :-) ? Jenny
Thank you very much Richard for your continuous support and most valuable input. This is very encouraging for us to keep on pushing for further Migraine Buddy enhancements. We strive to make the app more and more helpful and deliver a five star service to the users. Please feel free to share more suggestions directly with me at jenny@healint.com
Thanks so much Sylvia! I see that we still miss one star in the rating- do you feel the app can be improved? 5 stars helps us to improve the app faster and faster for you. You can share your thoughts with me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thank you for your review Deborah. We're glad you've found the app helpful. 4 stars indicate minor problems with the app. May I know what we can do to we can earn the missing star and make the app even more helpful for you? Please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Sabrina, glad to hear the  app is helping you and your doc! Thanks so much for your review! It would be great if you could share how we can make this a 5 star app for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve much faster :)
Thanks very much Willow! How can we improve for you to make Migraine Buddy a 5 star app?
Thank you Michael. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers! Jenny
Dear Bonnie, The new function "Daily trigger" may be of some help here to record daily the main state of the continuous headache. For example create 3 buttons to record daily the presence, absence, intensity of this continuous headache...  Feel free to come and talk about it on our facebook chat: http://m.me/migrainebuddy Jenny
Dear Rachel, do you mean that you would like to add a new trigger named "Saccharine"? In that case, you could use the "Add New" icon at the bottom of the screen to add relevant triggers. If that's not the issue you've faced, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can help you :) Thank you!
Thank you Richard. Is there anything I can help with to grab the missing star? Jenny
Hi Christopher. The sticky 'active sleep detection' notification during the time of the day/night that you set up for sleep detection. This is a compatibility requirement fro Android Oreo and Pie. It does not alter anything to the sleep detection quality and does not use more battery  power either. This notification cannot be removed. Jenny
Thank you for your feedback. Do you also use the timestamp feature in the note section? it will make the information more visible in the doctor's report.  The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Hi Sarah, Thanks for your positive review! If you are facing performance issues with the app, you can email support@healint.com, we can also discuss the security issue you mentioned regarding the payment contribution. Hope to hear from you :) - Jenny
Hi Chely, if you would like to discuss the issues that you have about the sleep tracker, please email me jenny@healint.com, I can help you out! :) - Jenny
Hi Marale, may we know a little more about what was happening when you logged in? Can you send us an email at jenny@healint.com so we can help you out? Thanks for your patience!
Thank you so much Crystal! Do recommend Migraine Buddy to friends and family when possible :)
Thank you very much Mf! How can we earn the missing one star back? It would be great to hear your ideas! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Hi jes, We are so glad the app is helping you and your treating team. I'd love to hear how we can improve it for you- I see you found it fiddly and would like to discuss that further to see how we can improve that for you. You can email me at jenny@healint.com and we can discuss further. Thanks so much!!
Thank you Jessica for your review. Could I check if you faced any problems with the app? 4 star ratings are usually for apps with problems. &gt;.&lt; If you face a problem, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I may help you fix it and earn back the missing star. Thank you for our help!
Thank you for your review Andrea. If there is anything we can do to improve your Migraine Buddy experience or if you've faced any issues in the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it for you. Thank you!
Thanks so much Denise! So glad the app is helping you, however, it would be great to know how we can win the one missing star back. It would be great to hear your ideas as 5 star really helps us improve faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com- thanks so much :)
Hi there! Thank you for your feedback! For long-running migraines, we don't recommend you to have a record more than a day, to better record changes felt throughout the day. You can use the Notes section to note down changes within the day. If you have further queries, please feel free to write to me at jenny@healint.com! =D
Thank you for your support Veronica. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks for your review Christina! Weather tracking is coming soon and we are looking into a daily tracker as well. You can follow these ideas here: http://goo.gl/VUrbqv and we will keep you updated! You can also email me at jenny@healint.com if you want to discuss further! I'd love to hear from you :)
Thank you for your kind words. Our goal is to deliver a 5* service to our users. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you Damilola. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Rebekka, thanks for your feedback! you can enter the other chronic disorders and see if they are potentially triggering your migraines on the trigger screen.If you feel your migraine is running for 4 days, you can leave the end time open until you feel it has finished. We can discuss further via email- jenny@healint.com. Thanks a lot! 
Thank you Sylvia. What can I do to grab the missing star then? :-) Jenny
Hi Cathy! You can still add information about your menstruation. You can add ovulation or menstruation as a trigger in ''Triggers" or add more information in the "Notes" screen. Email me at jenny@healint.com and let me know how I can further assist you and earn the missing stars. Jenny
Thanks for your review Rebecca. Please do let me know how we can improve the app for you, we really wish to catch this missing star back and provide you with a 5 star service :) you can also contact me directly at jenny@healint.com
Thank you Chanel. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Feel free to come back to me directly  at Jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance. Jenny
Thank you Angeni. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for Migraine Sufferers! :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Caitlyn! We are working on the pain variation feature and testing prototypes. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us go much faster! Thanks so much :)
Hi Tara, we are working and testing prototypes for changes in pain intensity. This is a complex feature and thus needs to be tested before it is implemented. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. Thanks so much :)
Dear Liz, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what we can do to make the app a 5 star experience for you? Your support is important to us! Please let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Chandra! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one? You can email me at jenny@healint.com!
Hi Susan! Glad to know that our app was helpful to you! Do help us by updating this rating whenever you feel comfortable! Perfect ratings would help us to go much faster. Your support and review means a lot to the team. Thanks very much :) If you have any suggestions for how we can do better, you can always let me know at jenny@healint.com.
Hi Terri, we are working on including a time stamp for medication taken- you should be able to see it soon! How else can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thanks for your review, Candice! Is there anything you particularly like or dislike about our app? You can email me for discussion jenny@healint.com, we always welcome user feedback :) - Jenny
Thank you Samuel! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Hi Cherry, sorry to hear that. Best would be to contact me directly at jenny@healint.com with your suggestions to improve the app design. On the other hand 5* would encourage and support our team who already created "a very good app". :-)  Looking forward to hearing from you.  Jenny
Hi Kim, thanks so much for your review! We are glad you find the app useful. If you have any suggestions on what we can do to make the app worthy of 5 stars, drop me an email at jenny@healint.com. :) - Jenny
Thank you Amie. You can export your data for free. Only customized reports are to be paid. Hope this will help grab the missing star back. Jenny
Hi Beth, Thanks for your comment. We are working on including this complex function and would love your feedback on it. You can view this idea here: http://goo.gl/oQEt2v In the meantime, how else can we get the missing one star back from you? 5 stars encourages us to improve faster and faster!
Thank you for your feedback Jackie. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com if you need any kind of assistance with the app. Jenny
Hi Annie, thanks so much for your feedback! Do come back to tell us how you liked the app- we'd love to earn the missing one star back as it really helps us grow faster. Thanks and look forward to hearing from you! :)
Thank you so much Maria! Sorry to hear about your migraines- I hope the app keeps helping you find patterns to avoid them. All the best from the Migraine Buddy team!
Dear Jocbaker, good point! If you are a man, you can go in the settings and set your gender as male. It will then stop asking this question.  We should definitely make that more obvious, and add the other cases. I hope it helped. if you like the app, do not forget that 5 stars is speeding us up. Thank you! Jenny
Thanks for your review Ashley! I see we missed one star in the rating- is there anyway we can improve to make it a 5 star app for you? I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. 5 stars encourages our team greatly and helps us improve much faster!
Thanks so much for the review Jacki! So glad to hear the app is helping you! How can we improve the app for you to make it a 5 star one? You can email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you! Your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster!
Hi Bill, The team is currently working on prototyping tracking pain intensity. In the meantime, you make notes about whether it gets worse over time in the notes section of the migraine screen.If you need more help, please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com.
Thank you Andrei. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks Kelli! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thanks Michelle! Glad you like the app! I see we missed one star- anyway we can improve to make it a 5 star app for you? you can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thank you Lydia. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Jessica! It would be great to know how we can make it a 5 star app for you. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thanks :)
Hi Swami! Thanks so bringing this to our attention- could you email me at jenny@healint.com and I will look into this problem immediately for you. So sorry for that and thanks for your patience!
Thanks Christine! May we know why we lost the one star? It would be great to know how we can improve the app to make it 5/5 for you!
Thank you. How can i help you to grab back the missing star? :-) Jenny
Glad the app helped you corey! I'd love to know how we can earn the one missing star back- 5 stars really helps us improve the app faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks and wishing you all the best :)
Thanks for your review Ashley! I see we missed one star in the rating- is there anyway we can improve to make it a 5 star app for you? I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. 5 stars encourages our team greatly and helps us improve much faster!
Dear Jo, Great to hear that our app was simple to use. :-) 4 star reviews indicates that the app has minor problems. Would you be able to let us know what problems you faced when using the app so we can earn back the missing star? Please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com. I hope to hear from you soon. Thank you!
Hi Rochelle, we are working on a time stamp for medication- you will be able to see this feature soon! Do you have any other ideas to make the app a 5 star one? I'd love to hear from you- you can email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support ( and 5 stars!) will help us improve faster! Thank you so much :)
Thanks Erik! Glad the app is helping you. How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars can help us improve the app much faster!
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thanks very much Margo! How can we make the app a 5 star one for you? We'd love to know your thoughts- you can email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars will help us go faster with improvement! Thank you :)
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Matthew, we are actually working on pain variation and testing different prototypes as this is a complex function. We will keep you updated on this! In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster! Thanks very much :)
We're glad to hear that the app helped you to track and see patterns in your migraines. Could you let me know what you mean by "more management"? The missing star means a lot to the team. Do let me know what we can do/change to earn the missing star at jenny@healint.com. =) Thank you!
Thank you. You can remove the med reminder by hitting the circle arrow on the top right corner of the medication reminder page. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Cyndi,  You can use "My Triggers" section to create triggers corresponding to the foods you eat and track it daily. Over time, with sufficient migraine and trigger tracking information, the app would be able to assess how likely a food is to trigger a migraine. If you need more clarifications, please contact us at jenny@healint.com :-)
Hi Dawn, we are looking into your suggestion! Would you like to give us some more feedback on what you would like to see? send us an email at contact@healint.com
Dear Tammy, thank you for your remark! I am not 100% sure to understand "a way to clear out an end time". Can you explain that point? either here in the comment, or via e-mail to francois@healint.com Francois, co-founder of Healint
Thank you Elizabeth. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you! The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Hi Busisiwe, thanks very much for your review! Could you send me an email at jenny@healint.com so I can help you with the sleep diary. For adding extra medication and triggers, you can simply tap Add new on those screens! Your support and 5 stars can help us improve much faster! Thanks :)
Great to hear you and your doctor like the app Valerie! I see we lost one star in the rating- how can we improve the app for you to make is a 5 star one? Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com! I look forward to hearing from you! Thank you!! :)
Thank you for your support Tracy. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will improve the app and hopefully help me grab the missing star back. Jenny :-)
Thanks Joyce! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one?
Hi Christopher. The sticky 'active sleep detection' notification during the time of the day/night that you set up for sleep detection. This is a compatibility requirement fro Android Oreo and Pie. It does not alter anything to the sleep detection quality and does not use more battery  power either. This notification cannot be removed. Jenny
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you for your support Mia. Glad to hear your migraines are under control. Did Migraine Buddy help you in any way to fix your migraines ? Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Dear Nicki, I fully understand, I also wished it could already do all that. You can vote for ideas similar to yours on our forum: goo.gl/IGRBQW and add your comments in it. As you can see most are started. Actually removing a star does not make us go program faster, rather the opposite as we also manage to do more with more users. (ˆ_ˆ) Jenny
Dear Akia, sorry for the confusion! Could you please write in to me at jenny@healint.com to give me more details on what you found confusing? It would help us improve the app and make it less confusing for future users. Thank you for your help!
Thank you very much Susan!
Thanks so much for your review Tate! :) - Jenny
Thank you! The fifth star would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you MJ. How can i assist you for me to get the 5th star? :-) Jenny
Hi Llinos, thank you for giving us a try! I hope you've found the app helpful. We are the official partner of Migraine Action UK. Please do let us know your experience and feel free to reach out to us anytime jenny@healint.com
Dear Nigel, "my trigger" section was designed to help with identifying triggers you didn't realise was a problem. So you should use it as your food diary and create items corresponding to your food. After 15+ days of data, you can use the "Catch" feature to see if a trigger is likely or unlikely to have caused migraines!
Hi Scarlett, not sure i understand this comment? Jenny
Hi Jo, you can track change in the note section of the migraine record. In the same place you also use the timestamp button on the top right corner to better manage your meds efficiency. Hope this will help you better track your migraines and hope it is enough to grab the missing star :-). Jenny
Thank you so much!
Thank you Lorin, we are working on the best way to implemant a change during attach tracker. In the meantime you can use the note section of the migraine record to report any changes, and use the timestamp button on the top right corner of this section . You also have a stopwatch button on your medicine page to track when you have taken a medicine.
Hi Marianne,  The team is currently prototyping how to track fluctuating pain intensity. Meanwhile, you can use the pain intensity section to log the max pain intensity and the notes section to log the changes in pain intensity. There's a timestamp icon on the top right corner of the notes section to help you make notes quickly. Hope this helps!
Hi Sherri,  Great to hear that you find us awesome! What can we do to be more than awesome so that we can earn the missing star? 5 star reviews are really important to supporting the development of the app! If you have any suggestions, we would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com :-)
Thank you Sandra! I see we missed one star- do you have any feedback on how we can improve to make it a 5 star app for you? 
Thanks very much Amanda! How can we make it a 5 star app for you?? We look forward to your feedback!
Hi Rebekka, you can use the note section of the daily sleep tracker to record any non-migraine events that you find useful to know. Hope this will help you enough to grab the fifth star :-) Jenny
Hi Jessica, thanks for your feedback. Have you noticed a "Notes" section at the end of the questionnaire that allows you to input food intake. 
Thank you very much Laura. Is there anything I can help with to grab the missing star? :-) Jenny
Hi there, you can actually create multiple migraine entries within a day, provided you ended the ongoing migraine record so that you can start a new one. If you have further queries, please feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! =)
Thanks simon! How can we earn the missing star back? Did you feel disappointed with the app in anyway? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. I'd love to hear your thoughts. Your support and 5 stars will help us go even faster in improvement :)
Hi Terina, thanks very much! You actually have an area for comments in the summary screen of the migraine, just under the weather field, you can even put a time stamp for each line (button top right) and it will print with the export. try it and tell me. your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster! Thank you! jenny@healint.com
Hi there, I'm glad you like the app! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Sarah, Glad to know that Migraine Buddy is easy and helpful to you. Could you please contact us at jenny@healint.com to let us know how can we earn the last star? Jenny
Thank you Martha. Is there anything I can do to grab the fifth star? :-) Jenny
Thank you Khadija! How can we earn the missing one star back to make it a 5 star app for you? Your support and 5 stars helps us improve much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much!
Hi Sue,  Great to know you find our app useful for you! :-) Could you let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? A 5-star rating is necessary for us to stand out in the App Store in order to reach out and help more migrainers. If you have any suggestions, we would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com
Thank you E! How can we make it a five star app for you?
Hi Jessica,  Great to hear that you like our app! ^^ Could you let us know what we can do to deserve 5 stars? The missing star is extremely important to us and will go a long way to support the development of the app. If you have any suggestions, we would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com
Dear Ken, yes, the e-mail listing export is a "sure bet", simple and accepted by every doctor. Feel free to contact me Francois(at)healint.com to discuss reports! NB: We do prioritise based on votes in the forum (link [feedback] in the app or here: http://goo.gl/8psS1O). Else we would be developing only for people removing stars (ˆ_ˆ)  
Thank you for your support Subha, I would bring back the suggestion to our developers. Please also contact me at jenny@healint.com and let me know how I can further assist you and earn the missing stars. Jenny
Thanks so much Kayla! I see we missed one star in the rating and would love to know how we can earn it back. Was there any disappointment you faced? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Support from you and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster!
Thank you Jason. Anything I can do to grab the fifth star? :-) Jenny
Thank you for detailed feedback! I would definitely love to learn more about the specific challenges faced by those with continuous migraines. If you are willing to discuss this further, please contact me at jenny@healint.com as the team is interested to hear more and think about how we may be able to support your needs. Thank you!
I see that you are happy with migraine-buddy. This is sad though to see that you removed a star. I feels like a punishment as this is lowering the average rating visible to every new potential users. It slows down the new development. But I will not abandon! If you can contact me to tell what made you reduce our rating? Jenny@healint.com
Hi Lilian, Thanks so much for your review! Glad to hear you like the app! How can we improve it to make it a 5 star one for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com if you want to share some ideas- I'd love to hear from you :)
Thank you Gabriela. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for any suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back. :-) Jenny
Hi Briana, thanks for your review! This is easy, there is an option to change your sleep timing! Could you email me at jenny@healint.com and I will help you with this :) - Jenny
Thank you for your kind words Elaine. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thanks so much for supporting us! We are happy the app is helping :)
Thank you Natalie. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Costanza. Thank you for your feedback. Please contact me directly at jenny@healint.com and I will assist you in getting the app on track again. Jenny
Thanks so much Carrie! Please do come back and update us- we'd love to hear how we can earn the missing one star back! Your support and 5 stars will help us improve much faster!
Thank you Rachel. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you very much Cindy! It would be great to know how we can earn th emissing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! I would love to hear from yoU! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Hi Tammy, could you please email me at jenny@healint.com. I will look into this immediately for you. Thanks for your patience!
Thank you David. Please contact me directly at jenny@healint.com as there are ways to enter different types of migraines and record pain level changes during an attack. Hope this will me grab the missing star :-) Jenny
Dear Tina, have you set your phone as the main device for sleep tracking? You will have to swipe down on the "Sleep Records" screen and enable it as the main device. if you are still facing problems or need more help, please reach out to me at jenny@healint.com. I'm sure we can make sleep tracking work for you again ^^
Thanks very much Jen! I see we missed one star- how can we improve for you? Feel free to email us your thoughts at contact@healint.com!
Thank you Courtney :) The 5th star would encourage our team of hard-working developers to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers
Hi Lydia,  You can track pain variation by using the "Notes" section of your migraine record. There is a timestamp function on the top right hand corner of the notes section to allow you to quickly log the current time and you can write about your pain level at that point in time. Please help us by updating this review if this solves your need!
Dear Karen, It's great to hear that the start up issue has been resolved for you. We are looking to release a new version soon so please look forward to the update and help us update your review if it is faster for you. :-) As for the different pain levels, have you tried logging it inside the notes section of the migraines?  Cheers Jenny
Hi Shannon, you can add this as a manual entry under the 'symptoms' tab and it will appear on subsequent migraine records. Hope this helps! Your 5-star reviews would really help us to improve the functionality of the app for our users. :) - Jenny
Thanks for the feedback Kate! Yes, it must be frustrating to have the app asking you if it was a period of sleep... while you were working hard. For your case (shutting down the phone for hours) the auto-detection may not learn that fast yet. You may wait to deactivate it. It should help you, not become a frustration. Keep up! Francois
Thank you Karen! The team is thinking about medication calendar and would love to hear more feedback on what sort of design would make most sense to users. Could you drop me a note at jenny@healint.com to discuss this further and elaborate what you would like to see in this medication calendar?
Thank you Tanya! Glad to hear you like the app. I'd love to know how we can earn the missing on star back - 5 stars is very helpful in improving the app faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com! Thanks :)
Dear Jenn, could you let me know what issues you've faced so I can help? 4 stars reviews are usually for apps with minor bugs. Let me know again at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it and troubleshoot for you. Thank you!
Thanks for your review Lathelma! Could you let us know how we can make it a 5 star app for you? You can drop me an email at jenny@healint.com with your suggestions. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Have a nice day :)
Thank you. What can i do for you to gain the 5th star ? :-) Jenny
Thank you for your support. What can I do to grab the missing star? :-) Jenny
Thanks for your feedback! We are working on a daily tracker  for noting down food as well. The idea can be found here: http://goo.gl/wDzgHV. We'd love to see your comments on here and you can vote for the idea too! For period start/end dates,the notes can be helpful in recording this. Email me at jenny@healint.com if you have any questions!
Thank you Heidi. Doctors do not recommend to have such 1shot button as this will prevent users from recording any changes that might make the difference in term of diagnostic and treatment. Jenny
Thank you Shelley. Hope the app will help you better understand your migraines. Jenny
Thank you very much Sabrina! Glad the app is making it easier for you to track migraines. I see we missed one star in our rating- did you face any disappointments with the app? I'd love to know how we can earn that missing one star back- you can email me at jenny@healint.com! Your support and 5 stars will help us improve faster! :)
Thank you Jessica for your review. Could I check if you faced any problems with the app? 4 star ratings are usually for apps with problems. &gt;.&lt; If you face a problem, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I may help you fix it and earn back the missing star. Thank you for our help!
Thanks very much Hunny :) A fifth star would actually encourage our developers very much in keeping up with the hard work of improving the app further :) Jenny
Thanks Heloise! How can we improve for you? please to email us at contact@healint.com-we'd love to hear more!
Thank you Karen! The team is thinking about medication calendar and would love to hear more feedback on what sort of design would make most sense to users. Could you drop me a note at jenny@healint.com to discuss this further and elaborate what you would like to see in this medication calendar?
Hi Courtney, yes we are looking into including an additional tracker for food at the moment. You can see this idea here: http://bit.ly/1P8hfJH. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app faster. Thanks :)
Thank you for your feedback. Feel free to use the notes section to record changes during your migraines. Hope this will help grab the missing stars. Wishing you a free-migraine day! Jenny
Thanks Alicia. The Fifth Stars would encourage our developers to work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Glad you found Migraine Buddy Lillian! Thanks for your support :)
Hi E, we are working on your suggestion and would love to hear more from you! Feel free to send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further! Thanks.
Thank you Pearl for this feedback! But based on your note it seems that there is something in the app that you don't like, is it right? :-) If yes, could you please contact me at jenny@healint.com? We could discuss deeper about it and find a solution! Otherwise, if everything is fine, you can also update your note! :-) Thank a lot!
Hi Kristina, can you send me an email at jenny@healint.com and I will look into that for you.Thanks so much Kristina! Did you feel disappointed with the app somehow? How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thank you
Thanks for the feedback Kate! Yes, it must be frustrating to have the app asking you if it was a period of sleep... while you were working hard. For your case (shutting down the phone for hours) the auto-detection may not learn that fast yet. You may wait to deactivate it. It should help you, not become a frustration. Keep up! Francois
Thanks for your comment Kelley. We are working on this feature and you can follow and vote for it here: http://goo.gl/oQEt2v In the meantime, how else can we get the missing one star back from you? 5/5 stars really encourages to improve faster. Your support is invaluable to us!
Hey there, please do let us know if you faced any problems in the app so we could help you look into it/troubleshoot it for you :) 4 star reviews are usually for apps with minor bugs and we really want to keep our app bug free! Please let me know again at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team's help. Thank you!
Dear Megan, we're glad you found the app easy to use ^^ Did you encounter a problem with the app? 4 stars are for apps with minor problems. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Dear MaryLynn, could you check your phone settings to see if your language is set as English(US)? Then log out, uninstall then reinstall and log in again and check if this solves your problem? ^^ If this helps, please help us by updating this review. Thank you! If you need more details, you can reach out to me at jenny@healint.com
Hi Holli,  Could you try checking "Sleep Settings" under "Settings" screen to see if you have turned off the automatic sleep detection. If that still did not help, could you please write in to me at support@healint.com so that team could look into this for yo? Than you!
Great to hear the app is helping Lauren! I see we missed one star in the rating, is there anyway we can improve to make it a 5 star one for you? I'd love to hear from you- feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks :)
Thank you Cheryll! I see that we lost 1 star in our rating. Anything we can do to reestablish that star? (support@healint.com)
Thank you very much Richard for your continuous support and most valuable input. This is very encouraging for us to keep on pushing for further Migraine Buddy enhancements. We strive to make the app more and more helpful and deliver a five star service to the users. Please feel free to share more suggestions directly with me at jenny@healint.com
Hi Rachael, thank you for your feedback and sorry for the inconvenience. I see that the team is already working on your case. We will contact you soon! =)
Thank you Wendy! I see we missed one star- how can we improve to make Migraine Buddy a 5 star app for you?
Thank you Kerry-Anne. Regarding the taking note of your food, you can do it in the note section of the daily sleep recording. Not sure i understand what you mean about the slepp detection. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for assistance or suggestion that would help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you for your kind review, Kylie! You're absolutely right! In fact, a variation of pain intensity is one of the most requested addition. While we try to make that a reality, you can update your pain level in the Notes section of the migraine record, using the time stamp located at the top right-hand corner of the screen. =)
Hi Gemma Louise! Thank you for sharing this with us. Thanks to users comments and suggestions like this, we are constantly  improving the application to make users experience better and better. Please feel free to share other suggestions with me at Jenny@healint.com! Jenny
Hi Susan! Glad to know that our app was helpful to you! Do help us by updating this rating whenever you feel comfortable! Perfect ratings would help us to go much faster. Your support and review means a lot to the team. Thanks very much :) If you have any suggestions for how we can do better, you can always let me know at jenny@healint.com.
Hi Ian, Thanks for your review and for recommending the app! I would love to hear how we can tweak it to make it a 5 star app for you- you can email me at jenny@healint.com. thank you! :)
Thanks Kalpana! How can we improve Migraine Buddy to make it a 5 star app for you? you can email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you!
Thanks Lauren! Sorry to hear about your daily migraines.An export function is planned and will be available soon. In the meantime,you can send and email to us at contact@healint.com to ask for your entries prior to your appointment. We can send them to you soon after! Thanks and regards, Saulat
Thank you very much Cori! How can we earn the missing one star in the review? 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! We'd  love to hear from you! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks :)
Thanks for your review Nicole! We hope that the app can help you in managing your migraines. If you have any suggestions on how we can improve the input interface, drop me an email at jenny@healint.com. :) - Jenny
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Wow, thanks for making our day with this awesome review Alicia! We are so glad you like the app and it is helping you. Thanks for supporting us :)
Thanks for the review! I see we lost one star in the rating- is there anyway we can improve the app to make it a 5 star app for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com to discuss- I'd love to hear from you :)
Thanks so much for your feedback and rating - how could we impress you more so that we can grab the missing start back? Jenny :)
Hi Lena, thanks for your comment :) As we thrive to deliver a 5-star service to our users, what can we do to deserve a 5-star rating from you? Please feel free to let me know at jenny@healint.com Jenny
Hi Erica, thanks for the review! Great to hear the app is helping your manage your migraine better! How can we earn the missing one star back- 5 star helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
Thank you for your feedback Caval! Could I check if you are facing problems with the app? 4 stars rating are for apps with minor problems. If you are facing problems, could you please drop me an email at jenny@healint.com to let me know more so I can fix it and make it a 5 star experience for you? Thank you!
Hi vergie! Thanks so much for your review. We are glad you are liking the app- do let us know how we can improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you.
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to constantly improve and deliver a great app for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Thank you for the love Allyson!!
Thank you! You can choose to record a migraine, headache, hangover... in the attack type section. Also note that you can customize most screens with your needs. Hope this will help enough to grab the missing star :-) Jenny
Thank you Hannah. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for Migraine Sufferers! :-) Jenny
Thanks for your lovely review Amy! We are so happy to hear that Migraine Buddy has been helping you manage your migraines! We hope it continues like this and we would love to keep in touch with you for further exchange. Wishing you well! 
Thank you!  How can I help you to grab the missing star back? :-) Jenny
Dear Carly, Thank you, it makes sense! Usually we can always say "no symptom" or "no aura", which is different from skipping. Let's find a simple way to add that. Also, is there a problem with the app which is making you remove a star? We want to have everything done perfectly before adding new functions. Francois
Thanks Julia! We are glad to hear you are liking the app! Thanks for your great suggestions as you can see here: http://goo.gl/vovdgs we have already begun working on some of them. You can view their update here. We'd love to get the one missing star back so please feel free to email me if you want to discuss further: jenny@healint.com :)
Hi Costanza. Thank you for your feedback. Please contact me directly at jenny@healint.com and I will assist you in getting the app on track again. Jenny
Hi Melissa, Great to know that we have helped to simplify migraine-tracking for you. :) A 5 star review is important to us and will help a lot in supporting the development of new features for the app. Could you let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? Please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com
Thanks Laura! However we see we missed one star, how can we improve to get it back? 
Thanks for the review Sarah! Happy to hear the app is helping! We'd love to know how we can earn the missing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks :)
Thanks for your review, Brandin! Could you email me at jenny@healint.com so we can discuss further regarding this suggestion? :) - Jenny
Hi Chely, if you would like to discuss the issues that you have about the sleep tracker, please email me jenny@healint.com, I can help you out! :) - Jenny
Thank you Martha. Is there anything I can do to grab the fifth star? :-) Jenny
Hi Sarah, thanks for the review! You can always start a migraine on the app when you feel it coming on, tap bother me later and fill it out later. That way you will be reminded you have a migraine running. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us to improve much faster! Thanks :)
Thank you so much Vashti! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back- 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
Thank you so much Michelle! We are so glad Migraine Buddy has made it easier to track migraines.
Thanks Erik! Glad the app is helping you. How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars can help us improve the app much faster!
Thank you for your kind words Meagan. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi nickie, thanks so much for the review! We are working on editing the fields within the app- you can view this idea here: http://goo.gl/QyCac2.We will keep you updated on its progress.in the meantime how else can we make the a 5 star one for you?
Hi Jo, you can track change in the note section of the migraine record. In the same place you also use the timestamp button on the top right corner to better manage your meds efficiency. Hope this will help you better track your migraines and hope it is enough to grab the missing star :-). Jenny
Hi Jennifer, sorry to hear you've been facing performance issues with the app - the tech team are working very hard on it and will provide improvements ASAP. We hope to earn the one star back in future! If you every face any difficulties, please contact support@healint.com. Thanks so much for your review! Jenny
Thank you Marine! It would be great to know how we can earn th emissing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! I would love to hear from yoU! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thanks very much Jemma! We are glad you like the app! I see we missed one star in the review- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thank you Jasmine! Glad you find the app helpful! Is there anything i can do to grab the missing star back? Jenny
Thank you Dileswar. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Great to hear Amber! I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? I'd love to hear from you- please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com! Thanks :)
Thank you Shelley. Hope the app will help you better understand your migraines. Jenny
Hi Tami, thanks for the suggestion! We are looking into this at the moment and would love some feedback from you. Could you send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further.
Hi Libby, thanks so much! We are actually working on a pain variation feature and are testing prototypes. This is a complex feature and hence we would like to test it well before implementing. Your support and 5 stars will help us to get there faster. We will keep you updated. Thanks so much!
Thanks for your review, John! You may drop me an email at jenny@healint.com with suggestions on how we can make it a better app for you :) - Jenny
Thank you for your review Andrea. If there is anything we can do to improve your Migraine Buddy experience or if you've faced any issues in the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it for you. Thank you!
Thank you Stéphanie, our goal is to deliver a 5* experience to our users so feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for any suggestions that will improve the app and help us grab the missing star back. ;-) Jenny
Hi there, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what we can do to make the app a 5 star experience for you? Your support is important to us. Please let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Clara, Thanks so much for your review! We are glad that Migraine Buddy has been able to help you. Thanks for your suggestion- currently we are reviewing how best to include this feature in the app. You can also view the progress of this idea here http://migrainebuddy.uservoice.com/forums/253148-leave-feedback . Wishing you well! 
We wish to find out how we can better help you and earn the fifth star. Please contact me at jenny@healint.com to let me know! Jenny
Thank you Anita. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you Allen. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers! :-) Jenny
Hi Debra, thanks very much for your review! Please do come back and let us know what you think of the app- we'd love to get the one star back as 5 stars helps us to improve the app faster for you. Thanks :)
Glad you like the app Chantel! I see we missed one star in the rating. How can we improve Migraine Buddy to make it a 5 star app for you? Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com with your ideas :)
Thanks Nina! How can we earn the missing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thanks for your feedback!
Dear Tobias, when you add a new medication, you can specify the dosage e.g. 50mg. In which case +/- would mean +/- 50mg. Or you could leave the dosage empty and it would mean +/- 1 pill. We made this flexible for people to record in a way that is easiest for them ^^ If this helps, do help me by updating this review. Thank you!
Thank you for your support. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi T, thanks for your review! The bother me later button in the app allows you to skip questions you don't wish to answer. You can simply enter the time and intensity then tap bother me later which will allow you to come back and enter whatever else you want to from the summary screen later.  Email me at jenny@healint.com for more info! :)
Thank you Diane. Feel free to contact me directly at Jenny@healint.com and I will assist you in fixing the sleep detection. Hopefully this will help me grab the missing star. :-) Jenny
Thank you Angeni. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for Migraine Sufferers! :-) Jenny
Hi Christine, thanks for your review! Glad to hear the app is helping you. How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve much faster!
Obrigada Denise. A quinta estrela incentivaria nossa equipe de desenvolvedores que trabalham duro para tornar este aplicativo gratuito a ferramenta perfeita para quem sofre de enxaqueca. Jenny :-)
Thank you Daveresa. How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you?
Thanks so much Marcia! We are so glad you like the app! I see we missed one star in the rating- I'd love to hear how we can improve for you?do you have some suggestions to make it a 5 star app? you can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much!
Dear Marko, thank you for the feedback. We're looking into how we may sync with other apps/device. The key challenge is really to understand how we should map the information from all these external sources meaningfully into categories or onto the migraines. If you have more thoughts on this, do chat with me here: http://m.me/migrainebuddy =)
Thanks for the feedback Kate! Yes, it must be frustrating to have the app asking you if it was a period of sleep... while you were working hard. For your case (shutting down the phone for hours) the auto-detection may not learn that fast yet. You may wait to deactivate it. It should help you, not become a frustration. Keep up! Francois
Thank you for your comment and review :) We strive to provide a 5-star service to our community of users! Jenny
Thank you Sylvia. What can i do to grab the fifth star then ? :-) Jenny
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Thank you Richard. Is there anything I can help with to grab the missing star? Jenny
Thank you Kerry. Let me know what i can do to grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Benoit, While multiple users on one account would be convenient to help manage kids' profile, there are privacy concerns over healthcare data which could have legal implications. Please let us know what else we can do to get the missing star back. It means a lot to the future development of the app. You can reach us at jenny@healint.com
Hi there, thanks for taking the time to leave a review :) Has the app helped you in detecting triggers in your migraines? If you have feedback on how we can improve, you can contact me at jenny@healint.com - Jenny
Hi Ginnifer, thanks for sending us an email with regards to this. We will reply your email soon. =)
Thanks Hildanys! May we know how we can get the one missing star back? Do you have some suggestions for improvement? Please do post them here: http://goo.gl/IJoxuo
Dear Christian, This is very unusual, on normal use it never goes over 3%, and we tested on tens of thousands of phone.  Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com, we will find a solution, you may have found a rare bug! Jenny
Thank you for your feedback Allan. Do not hesitate to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance with the app or for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Betsy! Glad you are liking the app!
Thanks Marion! I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Stephie! How can we make it a 5 star one for you?
Dear Nicki, I fully understand, I also wished it could already do all that. You can vote for ideas similar to yours on our forum: goo.gl/IGRBQW and add your comments in it. As you can see most are started. Actually removing a star does not make us go program faster, rather the opposite as we also manage to do more with more users. (ˆ_ˆ) Jenny
Dear Genea, I'm glad to hear that you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Ellen! How can we improve it to make it a 5 star app for you? Feel free to email me at Jenny@healint.com! Thanks!
Dear Sarah, no worry, this is actually meant to make it easier for doctors. All migraines vary a lot, the pain level, the position etc... having only one key value makes it easy for your doctor to compare seizures in the lists. But you should use the notes too to record more details for you! Any disfunction made you remove a star? Jenny@healint.com
Thank you Jennifer, you are right. I should have added the Menopause function, my apologies for that. I put it in the list for the next version. (it will come in 1 or 2 months) For the weather, we are working on it, actually it will come fast! Wishing you as few migraines as possible, Francois
Hi Bezalel, you may add aura position in the notes of the summary section and it will appear in your export listing :) if you need further assistance with this, I will be glad to help you. Email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much for your review! - Jenny
Edit: Thanks for updtaing your review Rachelle. The access code requirement has been removed for a while now. Good hear the sleep tracker works well! 
Thank you. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Nicole! We are counting on you to come back and tell us if Migraine Buddy is a 5 star app! If you have any questions, get in touch: jenny@healint.com - we are always happy to help out!!
Thank you Joanne,. We have plans to synchronize with other app but this needs time. Please bear with us while we are working on it. Jenny
Hi Lori, thanks for your review! Which categories would you like to remove? Leave your suggestions here: http://goo.gl/kI3Pvj We'd love to hear your thoughts! Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app faster! You can also email me at jenny@healint.com.Thanks very much :) 
Thank you!  How can I help you to grab the missing star back? :-) Jenny
Thank you Jodi, you can record any change during a migraine in the note section of the migraine record. This section also contain a timestamp to be more precise on when the change occurs. Jenny
Hi Jeanette, We are glad the app is able to help you. Your suggestion about preventative medication can be found here:http://goo.gl/m9Jm3i . You can vote for it and follow its progress. How else can we make Migraine Buddy a 5-star app for you? 5 stars helps us to improve faster!
Hi there, I'm glad you like the app! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Zoe, yes, this would be very useful for some of us, this is actually under design and testing, to make it very easy to use. 4 stars is a big punishment for us (ˆ_ˆ) because it pulls down the rating, but despite that we will continue to work as hard as in 2014!
Thank you for your support! We wish to find out how we can earn the fifth star from you. Do email me at jenny@healint.com to let me know! Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Dear Bethie, yes, this is certainly challenging, I would recommend you to consider how you would have recorded it in a traditional paper diary. It will increase the chances of getting a good understanding from your doctor.
Dear Navneet, common food triggers are already listed in the triggers section and the Daily Tracker tab. Is there something which you think we have missed? Please let me know at jenny@healint.com. I'll be happy to discuss this further ^^
Thank you Sarah for your comment :) A fifth star would encourage our developers even more ;) I cannot get in touch with you (your contact details are not visible on Google Play) but you can definitely contact me directly at jenny@healint.com Looking forward to reading from you. Jenny
Thank you Amanda, the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Thanks lynette! Sorry to hear about your daughter's migraines.  We did a check, multi-user function is very challenging, until we finish developing it you may have changed for a new phone and given the old one to your daughter. If you have an ipad at home, the ipad version is coming. anything else we can do to get five stars from you?  
Thanks so much A! We are so glad you like the app and that it is helping you and your doctor as well. May we know how we can improve to make it a 5 star app for you? We would love your feedback.
Thank you Rebekah. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Dear Vanessa,  Sorry to hear about your migraines. Please send an email to contact@healint.com to get an early user access code.  Best Regards,  Ali
Dear Aridia, glad to hear that we can be of help to other conditions as well. Could I check if you encountered any issue with the app? 4 star reviews usually for app with minor bugs and we do want to make sure you have a perfect experience. Please let me know more at at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to troubleshoot it for you. Thank you!
Hi Jalaina, 4 star reviews usually indicates minor problems with the app. Could you let us know what we can do to fix your problems with the app and earn back the missing star? Each and every perfect review is important to supporting the development of the app. Please let us know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you so much Maria! Sorry to hear about your migraines- I hope the app keeps helping you find patterns to avoid them. All the best from the Migraine Buddy team!
Hi Dawn, we are looking into your suggestion! Would you like to give us some more feedback on what you would like to see? send us an email at contact@healint.com
Thanks Felicia! I see we were one star short of 5 stars- is there any disappointment you faced with the app? Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. I'd love to hear from you! Your support and 5 stars would help us improve faster and faster :)
Hi Melissa, Great to know that we have helped to simplify migraine-tracking for you. :) A 5 star review is important to us and will help a lot in supporting the development of new features for the app. Could you let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? Please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com
Hi Maureen, Great to know that Migraine Buddy is working well for you :-) As there are a lot of migraine meds out there, we are only able to populate our default listing of meds with the most commonly prescribed ones. If you have other thoughts on how we can earn the missing star, please let us know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! :-)
Hi there! Thank you for your feedback! For long-running migraines, we don't recommend you to have a record more than a day, to better record changes felt throughout the day. You can use the Notes section to note down changes within the day. If you have further queries, please feel free to write to me at jenny@healint.com! =D
Thank you Jasmine! Glad you find the app helpful! Is there anything i can do to grab the missing star back? Jenny
Dear Karla, if you are only tracking an aura, you can use the Attack Types field in the migraine summary screen to label it as "Aura-only". You can filter your reports by attack types later to learn about your symptoms. Please help me update this review if my suggestions helped. If not, I would love to understand more from you at jenny@healint.com
Thank you Kimberly. You can alsways use the note section of the migraine record to add any additional information you wish to. In the note section you have a timestamp that can also help track any change in your migraine or medication taken. Jenny
Thank you so much Michelle! We are so glad Migraine Buddy has made it easier to track migraines.
Thanks for the review and suggestions audrey! We are looking into including the evolution of migraine in the app and would love your feedback on it. Could you send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss more? Thanks so much!
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank a lot Amy! I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? Feel free to email me with your ideas at jenny@healint.com. Thanks :)
Thank you Andrei. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank so much for your kind review. We cannot make diagnostics since we are not a medical app. But you can read our blog for useful information: http://www.migrainebuddy.com/ If you have many migraines per month, you can also visit our specialized food coaching website: https://migrainefoodcoaching.squarespace.com/ Jenny :) jenny@healint.com
Thank you Christina. You can add any needed medication in the Migraine Impact Report calendar. Just tap on any day and enter the info.  You might also want to use the sleep notes to record any non specific migraine related event. Jenny
Hi Amy! I'm so glad to hear that it is helpful for you in your treatment. If there's anything we can do to make it a 5-star app for you, let me know via email at jenny@healint.com, I'd love to hear from you :) thanks so much for your review, the team really appreciates it. Jenny
Dear Courtney, we're glad you found the app helpful and easy to use. Did you encounter any bugs with the app? 4 stars reviews are usually indicate minor bugs with the app. If you've faced any issues in the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it for you. Thank you!
Thank you very much Kimberly! Hope it helps your doc too!
Dear Stephanie, Thank you for taking the time to write here. I see that you would like to get more from the app. This is possible and still totally free of charge, the first thing to do is to go into the suggestion forum (reachable from the left pane of the app), and votes for ideas similar to yours. Hope to get that star back for the team. Jenny
Hi Melissa, Great to know that we have helped to simplify migraine-tracking for you. :) A 5 star review is important to us and will help a lot in supporting the development of new features for the app. Could you let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? Please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com
Hi Kassi, thanks for your review! We looking into recording changes in pain intensity. We'd love your feedback in this regard- you can email us at contact@healint.com. We look forward to hearing from you! Thanks :) We are working on even better sleep graph. The sleep periods are visible in the calendar, and the average is visible in the report area
Hi Kellie, can you send me an email at jenny@healint.com and I will look into this immediately. Thanks for your patience! 
Thank you Lori. Glad to see that the app is matching your needs. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you Jodi, you can record any change during a migraine in the note section of the migraine record. This section also contain a timestamp to be more precise on when the change occurs. Jenny
Hi Siobhain, thanks for the review. Glad to hear you are liking the app! How can we make it a 5 star app for you? 5 stars helps us to improve much faster!
Thank you Julya! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com to discuss :)
Hi Abs, thanks for your review! Glad you like the app :) We are looking into syncing other apps and devices with Migraine Buddy. I put the idea here on UserVoice: http://goo.gl/I8svZE. You can comment and vote! 5 stars from you would really encourage us to improve faster. I'd love to hear from you: jenny@healint.com
Thank you!  You can customize the app by adding/removing any elements you need to on each page. Regarding the menstrual cycle, it is up to you to go to your profile in the menu and untick the box asking if you want to be asked questions about it. Hope this will help you. :-) Jenny
Hi Helen, Thanks for your review! A food/mood diary is popular requested feature and it can be found here: http://goo.gl/dmAAfy.   We are looking into how this can be added into the app. How else can we get the one missing star back? Your encouragement helps us improve faster!
Glad you find it helpful!
Thank you for your support. What could i do to get the missing star back then ? :-) Jenny
Thanks Vic for your kind comment :) According to you, how could we improve Migraine Buddy to that you give it a fifth star? Jenny :)
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Ray :) The 5th star would encourage our team of hard-working developers to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers
Thanks for your update Ash! Yes we are looking into a tracking changes in pain intensity during a migraine- you can email me at jenny@healint.com to find out more. You can also find this idea- together with pain location changes here: http://goo.gl/k3cAe8. I look forward to hearing from you!  Thanks :)
Hello Patrice, and thank you for the feedback! Please let us know how we can earn that extra star. Feel free to email me any time at jenny@healint.com and I would be happy to answer answer any questions you have.
Dear Jennifer, thank you for the review. I am surprised by your point on the medication library, did you see that you can add and search for drugs? There are more 50.000 drugs and brands referenced in our database. Maybe can you contact me at Jenny@healint.com to allow me to help you? It would be great to see the removed star come back. Jenny
Thanks so much Michelle! How can we make it a 5 star app for you?
Thank you for your feedback, Paula. What can I do to grab the missing star then? :) Jenny
Great to hear it is helping Cindy! Thanks so much for your support :)
Thank you! Feel free to let me know what i can do to grab the missing star back :-)Jenny
Thank you Kim. Our goal is to deliver a 5* service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will improve the app and help me grab the missing star back. :-) Jenny
Hi Sarah, thanks for the review! You can always start a migraine on the app when you feel it coming on, tap bother me later and fill it out later. That way you will be reminded you have a migraine running. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us to improve much faster! Thanks :)
Thank you Kate! Anything I can do to grab the missing star then? :-) Jenny
Thank you for your feedback Cathy. Feel free to contact me again at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app and hopefully help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you for your feedback. Please contact me directly at Jenny@healint.com if you need assistance with the app. This might help me grab the missing star! :-) Jenny
Thank you for your kind words Nick. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Dear Syed, thank you for your feedback. I understand why you could expect that.  We are not authorised in doing prescriptions, and even if we were, I would still recommend to visit a good doctor, or even better, a neurologist.  Would it be possible to discuss about your needs via e-mail? maybe can we do more in your country? (francois@healint.com)
Thank you! The fifth star would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Glad to hear Migraine Buddy is working well for you Kate! Thanks for your lovely review :)
Thank  you, the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who are working hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you for your feedback, Paula. What can I do to grab the missing star then? :) Jenny
Thanks very much Amy :) 5 stars would be perfect for our hard working developers :) what can we do to grab the fifth star? Jenny
Dear Asharafudeen,  Please send an email to contact@healint.com to get an early user access code.  Best Regards, Ali
Thank you for your updated review Sarah. We had a service downtime issue with our Weather service provider for a few hours yesterday but it should now be back up and running globally. I think I have already sent you an email about it. Anyway, please contact me at jenny@healint.com if it still does not work for you. Kind regards, Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars and you'd like to change a few things. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Kate! Anything I can do to grab the missing star then? :-) Jenny
Hi there, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what we can do to make the app a 5 star experience for you? Your support is important to us. Please let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi vergie! Thanks so much for your review. We are glad you are liking the app- do let us know how we can improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you.
Thank you. In the main menu you can export your data and send it to your doctor directly. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Rea. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app  and help me grab the missing star back. Jenny
Thanks for your review Christina! Weather tracking is coming soon and we are looking into a daily tracker as well. You can follow these ideas here: http://goo.gl/VUrbqv and we will keep you updated! You can also email me at jenny@healint.com if you want to discuss further! I'd love to hear from you :)
Hi Karla, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars and you'd like to change a few things. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Karaiko. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions or assistance. I'd be glad to assist you enough to grab the fifth star :-). Jenny
Thanks for your feedback EJ! We are actually working hard on tracking pain progression and changes- you can email me at jenny@healint.com if you would like to test it out! 5 stars encourages our team and also helps us develop the app faster for you. I hope we can earn the one missing star back :)
Hi Marale, may we know a little more about what was happening when you logged in? Can you send us an email at jenny@healint.com so we can help you out? Thanks for your patience!
Thank you Amy, the coming update will give you the opportunity to record medical history.  Hope this will help grab the missing star. :-) Jenny
Hi Lee! Thank you for your ratings! You can actually update the changes of symptoms, intensity etc on the Notes section, making use of the time stamp located at the top right-hand corner of the screen. Do let me know how this suits you at jenny@healint.com! I look forward to hearing from you. =D
Thanks for your review and suggestions, Anindita! Could you drop me an email at jenny@healint.com and I can let you know how you can use the current features in the app to track medication independently of a migraine! Thank you :) - Jenny
Thanks Allison! Glad you like the app! It would be great to know how we can get the missing star back? Did you face any disappointment with the app? Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com and I'd love to hear your views. Your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app faster and faster! Thanks :)
Hi Vickie, thanks for the review! You can easily print your reports by going to export in the drop down menu and emailing your report to yourself.
Thanks so much Dawna! How can we improve to make the app a 5 star app for you?? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Hi Mandi, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars, which usually indicates minor errors. Are you facing an issue at the moment? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! =)
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ Can you share with me more at jenny@healint.com how adding notes in the Daily Tracker will be useful for you? I would love to hear your opinion. Thank you!
Thank you for your feedback Allan. Do not hesitate to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance with the app or for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks Nicole! We'd love to know how we can make it a 5 star app for you-how do you think we can improve? You can email me at jenny@healint.com  with your ideas. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thank you :)
Hi Cheryl, thanks for your feedback. Every migraine or sleep entry you make can be modified at any time.Go to the migraine calendar and tap on the migraine you wish to modify. You will be taken to the summary page. Please email me for more questions about this as well as the sleep diary. I'd love to help you out. email: jenny@healint.com.Thanks!
Thank you James. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will improve the app and help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you so much Leanne! Glad to hear you like the app! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back- 5 stars is very helpful in improving the app faster! thanks so much :)
Thanks so much Roberta! We would love to know how we can make is 5 star app for you! 
Hi Helen, Thanks for your review! A food/mood diary is popular requested feature and it can be found here: http://goo.gl/dmAAfy.   We are looking into how this can be added into the app. How else can we get the one missing star back? Your encouragement helps us improve faster!
Thank you Heather. Anything I can do to grab the fifth star ? :-) Jenny
Hi George, thanks for the feedback! We hope that you will come back update us- we would love to know how we can earn the one missing star back. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster. Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com if you need any help. Thanks a lot!
I see that you are happy with migraine-buddy. This is sad though to see that you removed a star. I feels like a punishment as this is lowering the average rating visible to every new potential users. It slows down the new development. But I will not abandon! If you can contact me to tell what made you reduce our rating? Jenny@healint.com
Thanks very much Jemma! We are glad you like the app! I see we missed one star in the review- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thank you Mona! May we know how we can make it a 5 star app for you? Would be great to hear your suggestions!! jenny@healint.com
Thanks Bambie!
Thank you Aedyn. How can i assist you enough to get the fifth star ? :-) Jenny
Thank you Rebecca! Your are right! Actually, I also often want a choice: "It may be helping now... but I am not sure yet" to come and correct at the end of the migraine. The problem... actually this additional parameter did confuse many. Now I use the note are for that. But we will find a way (ˆ_ˆ) btw, Is the cause of the removed star? Francois
Hi P.J, thanks for your feedback! Yes we are working on several different features to improve the app for you- many new updates have also arrived with the latest version. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve even faster! For your battery concern, please send me an email and I will help you out: jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thank you Niki. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for Migraine Sufferers. Jenny
Thank you so much Issac! Glad to hear you like the app and will continue to use it although we hope you don't have to. I see we missed one star in the rating and would love to know how we can earn it back? 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. Thanks for your feedback :)
Hi Melissa, Great to know that we have helped to simplify migraine-tracking for you. :) A 5 star review is important to us and will help a lot in supporting the development of new features for the app. Could you let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? Please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com
I agree Victoria, there is something strange here. May I suggest to deactivate the sleep detection for now? And maybe contact me at Jenny@healint.com for me to investigate why this is happening?
Thanks very much Amanda! How can we make it a 5 star app for you?? We look forward to your feedback!
Thank you! The fifth star would encouarge our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers!! :-) Jenny
Hi Leah, you can disable all notifications, including badge app icons in your device settings. Do you need help with this? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much for your review! - Jenny
Thanks very much Anne! It would be great to know how we can earn th emissing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! I would love to hear from yoU! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Hi Abs, thanks for your review! Glad you like the app :) We are looking into syncing other apps and devices with Migraine Buddy. I put the idea here on UserVoice: http://goo.gl/I8svZE. You can comment and vote! 5 stars from you would really encourage us to improve faster. I'd love to hear from you: jenny@healint.com
Hi Linda, we are glad you like the weather feature! If you have suggestions on how we can make it a better app for you, please email me at jenny@healint.com, I'd love to hear your thoughts! Thanks so much for your review :) - Jenny
Thanks so much Lisa!
Thank you Melanie. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Obrigada Denise. A quinta estrela incentivaria nossa equipe de desenvolvedores que trabalham duro para tornar este aplicativo gratuito a ferramenta perfeita para quem sofre de enxaqueca. Jenny :-)
Dear Rebekah, thank you for taking the time to leave us a review =) Please help us by updating this review whenever you feel comfortable. Your support and 5 stars will help us to keep improving the app! I'll be happy to hear your thoughts and suggestions for the app at jenny@healint.com
Hi Luis, we are so glad that we can help get your migraines under control through the app. However, I see we missed one star in the rating- is there anyway we can improve the app? 5 stars helps us to improve faster and it would be great to know how we can get the one star back.Thank you!
Thank you for your feedback! We’re glad to hear that you find Migraine Buddy helpful! The fifth star would really motivate our team and we would love how we can earn that final star, please drop us a message at jenny@healint.com :)  Jenny
Thanks for the review Shawna! Glad that you like the app! We are working on including a pain level tracker. This is a complex feature and we are working hard on testing it before implementing. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app! Thanks very much :)
Thank you Diane. Feel free to contact me directly at Jenny@healint.com and I will assist you in fixing the sleep detection. Hopefully this will help me grab the missing star. :-) Jenny
Hi Lilian, Thanks so much for your review! Glad to hear you like the app! How can we improve it to make it a 5 star one for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com if you want to share some ideas- I'd love to hear from you :)
Obrigada Denise. A quinta estrela incentivaria nossa equipe de desenvolvedores que trabalham duro para tornar este aplicativo gratuito a ferramenta perfeita para quem sofre de enxaqueca. Jenny :-)
Thanks a lot Natalie!! I see we missed one star in the rating- did you feel disappointed in the app some how? Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com about how we can improve the app for you. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve faster! Thanks :)
Thanks Maya!! We are working on a feature to track pain variation and location. We are testing prototypes and will keep you updated on this. However, in the meantime, your support and  5 stars helps us to improve much faster! Thanks :)
Hi Jalaina, 4 star reviews usually indicates minor problems with the app. Could you let us know what we can do to fix your problems with the app and earn back the missing star? Each and every perfect review is important to supporting the development of the app. Please let us know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks for your review, John! You may drop me an email at jenny@healint.com with suggestions on how we can make it a better app for you :) - Jenny
Thank you Diane. Feel free to contact me directly at Jenny@healint.com and I will assist you in fixing the sleep detection. Hopefully this will help me grab the missing star. :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Amanda! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. Thanks
Hi Dena, we have a feature called Pressure Buddy that detects the current pressure based on your location. This is activated automatically when your location services are enabled while using the app. If this satisfies you, hope you will add one more star to your review :) - Jenny
We are glad that Triggers function is helpful for you. We would love to hear about your sleep tracker issue. Please reach us at jenny@healint.com describing your sleep problem :) Thanks Jenny
Thank you for your support  Maggie. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks so much for the positive review Trixy! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? 5 stars helps us to improve much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. I would love to hear from you!
Thank you Emma!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks simon! How can we earn the missing star back? Did you feel disappointed with the app in anyway? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. I'd love to hear your thoughts. Your support and 5 stars will help us go even faster in improvement :)
Hi Ashley!  Great to know you love the app! The team is looking into ways to improve the experience of the city buddy. You can add the time of medication in the notes section of the migraines. There's a time stamp option on the top right hand corner to help you quickly log the time. If you need more help, please contact us at jenny@healint.com :-)
Hi Claire! Thank you for your feedback and sorry for the inconvenience. Can you write to me at jenny@healint.com so I can assist you further? I look forward to hearing from you! =)
Hi Sherreka, Thank you for your review. It's great to know that you find the reminders helpful. We hope the app proves to be even more useful for you in the future. If it does, do come back and give us one more star as it would help us so much ^^   If you have suggestions on what we can do to improve the app, please email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Thank you Lisa for the feedback! The final star will really motivate our team to continue working hard to provide migraine sufferers the best services, we would love to know how we can earn it! Please contact us at jenny@healint.com :) Jenny
Hi Tracy, thanks for your suggestions! We are working on including your suggestions in the app and you should see them soon! 
Thank you so much! We have added a notes section which can be found in the My Records section of the app ( sleep section) You can track your food intake there! We hope to keep improving the app! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster!
Dear Ash, we usually record it in the "notes" at the end. It allows to describe with more flexibility.
Thank you for your support Ronald. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you Tammy. What can i do to grab the fifth star ? :-) Jenny
Hi Alex, can you drop me an email at support@healint.com so we can help you fix the issue?  Hope to hear from you soon ^^
We wish to find out how we can better help you and earn the fifth star. Please contact me at jenny@healint.com to let me know! Jenny
Thank you. You can remove the med reminder by hitting the circle arrow on the top right corner of the medication reminder page. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Salem, thanks for reaching out to us! You can find the time stamp function on the right-hand corner in the Notes section of the migraine record. As for the food diary, you can include them in the Daily Tracker. This would make it easier for you to track your triggers. If you have further queries, please contact me at jenny@healint.com! =D
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Jennifer, can you send me an email at jenny@healint.com and I can help you with this issue. Sorry for the inconvenience! 
Hi Helen! Thank you for your ratings. I'm glad you found the app helpful. If you have any suggestions how we can make the app better, please share with me at jenny@healint.com! =D
Thank you Cara! How can we make it a five star app for you?
Hi Sticky, thanks for your review! We are working on including a timestamp for medication at the moment and you should be able to see it soon! In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app faster :)
Thank you Katherine. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers! :-) Jenny
Thank you for your support. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Glad to hear the app could help your doc as well as you Tonya. We wish you best of luck with the MRI. Thanks for your support for the app!
Thank you for your support, Donna. What can I do to grab the missing star then? :) Jenny
Thank you for your feedback. Do you also use the timestamp feature in the note section? it will make the information more visible in the doctor's report.  The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Carie! How can we earn the missing one star back? It would be great to hear your ideas! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Thank you Kim. Our goal is to deliver a 5* service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will improve the app and help me grab the missing star back. :-) Jenny
Hi Terina, thanks very much! You actually have an area for comments in the summary screen of the migraine, just under the weather field, you can even put a time stamp for each line (button top right) and it will print with the export. try it and tell me. your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster! Thank you! jenny@healint.com
Hi Simone,  Great to know you like the app ^^ You can track the changes in the pain intensity by using the notes section of the migraine. It has a time stamp option which helps you log the pain level at a given time. The team is currently working on a prototype to see how we can help users track the changes in pain intensity in a more elegant way.
Thank you Alli. The fifth stars would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you for your comment Rachel. We are working on improving the chats at the moment. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thanks Brian! May we know how we can improve the app for you to get 5/5 stars?
Hi Vicky, you can enter non migraine days in the notes section. This is also time stamped so this can help you know what happened at what time. It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Dawn, we are looking into your suggestion! Would you like to give us some more feedback on what you would like to see? send us an email at contact@healint.com
I agree Victoria, there is something strange here. May I suggest to deactivate the sleep detection for now? And maybe contact me at Jenny@healint.com for me to investigate why this is happening?
Thank you Pearl for this feedback! But based on your note it seems that there is something in the app that you don't like, is it right? :-) If yes, could you please contact me at jenny@healint.com? We could discuss deeper about it and find a solution! Otherwise, if everything is fine, you can also update your note! :-) Thank a lot!
Dear Nicki, I fully understand, I also wished it could already do all that. You can vote for ideas similar to yours on our forum: goo.gl/IGRBQW and add your comments in it. As you can see most are started. Actually removing a star does not make us go program faster, rather the opposite as we also manage to do more with more users. (ˆ_ˆ) Jenny
Thanks Malini! Can you write to us at contact@healint.com to tell us which period tracker you use? We are looking into syncing Migraine Buddy with other apps. And yes, you are right, Periods can have a tricky relation with migraines. Did you record yourself as a woman in the app? It will then ask you questions about your periods too.
Thank you so much for the lovely review Kristin!
Hi Gary, not sure I understand what you mean as the app is fully free!!!  It would really help if you could let me know at Jenny@healint.com what you mean by costing so much.  Looking forward to you input. Jenny
Thanks Jo! We see we were one star short of 5 stars- were you disappointed with the app in anyway? How can we earn the missing one star? It would be great to hear from you! you can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
Hi Jeanette, We are glad the app is able to help you. Your suggestion about preventative medication can be found here:http://goo.gl/m9Jm3i . You can vote for it and follow its progress. How else can we make Migraine Buddy a 5-star app for you? 5 stars helps us to improve faster!
Thank you Robert What can I do to grab the 5th star then ? :-) Jenny
Dear Brandi, Thank you for your comment. You are absolutely right, for Chronic migraines or very long periods of migraine this reminder is not pleasant. We have planned to include the option to deactivate this function in a coming release next month. thank you again! Francois  
Thanks Bambie!
Hi Kari, thanks for your update! Could you send me an email at jenny@healint.com and I can help you out with the notification popup. Thanks!
Hi Matthew! You can change the attack type to a tension headache by scrolling to the bottom of a migraine summary and select a tension headache. If you have further queries, please feel free to reach me at jenny@healint.com. =)
Great to hear the app is helping! How can we improve to make it a 5 star one for you Melissa? 5 stars helps us improve faster and your support really encourages the team! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks a lot :)
Hi Glenn, Thanks for your feedback! For the date selector, try selecting the month first and then inputting the day. This should make the correct dates appear for that particular month. Kindly check your email as well. Wishing you well!
Thank you Angela! I see we lost one star in the rating. How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? Share your thoughts with us: contact@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Deborah. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you! You can get back your sleep record by folllowing the steps shown in this video https://youtu.be/WbvaSj1tjZk . The samsung bug can be fixed  by following those steps https://youtu.be/k-hf8MyBnbE Hope these will help me grab the missing star :-) Jenny
Dear Judy, I am very sad to read this. You know you can simply contact us by writing an e-mail to support@healint.com We are here to help! Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Henry. The fifth star would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Great to hear you and your doctor like the app Valerie! I see we lost one star in the rating- how can we improve the app for you to make is a 5 star one? Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com! I look forward to hearing from you! Thank you!! :)
Thanks for your review! You can currently track sleep from the app. it picks up your sleep timings every day. You can also use the notes section to record everyday details. You can find this in the sleep section of the My Records screen. You can email me at jenny@healint.com to discuss further! Your support and 5 stars will help us improve faster!
Thank you Angela! I see we lost one star in the rating. How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? Share your thoughts with us: contact@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi B. A., we wish you all the best in your treatment! If you have any suggestions on how we can improve on the app, feel free to discuss with me jenny@healint.com, I look forward to hearing from you :) - Jenny
Hi Louise, Thanks for your feedback! Please visit http://migrainebuddy.uservoice.com to leave us suggestions or vote for ideas that appeal to you the most. We look forward to hearing from you! Kind Regards, Saulat
We are glad to hear that you find Migraine Buddy helpful :) Thanks for your support
Thank you very much Carla! It would be great to know how we can improve the app for you to make it a 5 star app. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thank you for this review. The fifth star would encourage our developers who work hard to make this app as accurate as possible. :-) Jenny
Thank you so much  Kieth! it would be great to know how we can improve for you to make Migraine Buddy a 5 star app for you. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. I look forward to your ideas! Thanks :)
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Bree, thanks for your review! I'm glad to hear that the app is helping you in managing your migraines. Is there anything we can do to make it a 5-star app for you? Let me know at jenny@healint.com and we can discuss :) Jenny
Hi Brittany, thank you for your support. Please contact me at jenny@healint.com and I will assist you in getting back the automatic sleep record. Meanwhile the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks Jackie! Could you tell us what else could we offer so that Migraine Buddy becomes a 5 star app? Drop me an email at jenny@healint.com, your suggestions and feedback will help up in continually improving the app for our users :)
Hi D, thanks for your review! If you have any feedback or suggestions on how we can make it a 5-star app for you, please discuss with me at jenny@healint.com, we would love to hear from you :) thanks for your support with Migraine Buddy!! Jenny
Hi Krystle, Thanks for your review! You can add more options for each category and customize to your requirements. You can do this by tapping Add New. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster. Thanks!
Glad the app can help with making migraine tracking easier for you! You can now use the new notes section in the sleep diary to record details outside of a migraine ( not just for sleep). Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster. Thank you :)
Hi B. A., we wish you all the best in your treatment! If you have any suggestions on how we can improve on the app, feel free to discuss with me jenny@healint.com, I look forward to hearing from you :) - Jenny
Thank Crystall for this feedback! But based on your note it seems that there is something in the app that you don't like. Could you please send me an email at jenny@healint.com? We could discuss deeper about it and find a solution! It could help to improve the app! Otherwise, if everything is fine, you can also update your note! :-) Thank a lot!
Thank you Britt. The fifth stars would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you David. Please contact me directly at jenny@healint.com as there are ways to enter different types of migraines and record pain level changes during an attack. Hope this will me grab the missing star :-) Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Benoit, While multiple users on one account would be convenient to help manage kids' profile, there are privacy concerns over healthcare data which could have legal implications. Please let us know what else we can do to get the missing star back. It means a lot to the future development of the app. You can reach us at jenny@healint.com
Dear Catherine, can you contact me at Jenny@healint.com? I will solve that with you in no time. If you just updated the app and had many records, it may be that you need to wait 30s for the synchronisation and check of data. with the addition of the weather information we had to rethink how the data is stored on the phone.
Thanks Maya!! We are working on a feature to track pain variation and location. We are testing prototypes and will keep you updated on this. However, in the meantime, your support and  5 stars helps us to improve much faster! Thanks :)
Thank you Jennine. You can add as medication as you wish to in the app. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance. Jenny
Thank you Jodi, you can record any change during a migraine in the note section of the migraine record. This section also contain a timestamp to be more precise on when the change occurs. Jenny
Hi Kassi, thanks for your review! We looking into recording changes in pain intensity. We'd love your feedback in this regard- you can email us at contact@healint.com. We look forward to hearing from you! Thanks :) We are working on even better sleep graph. The sleep periods are visible in the calendar, and the average is visible in the report area
Happy to see that you are happy Letty. Today is a bad day for us, we never had so many 4 stars in a day. and I see our rating going down It really feels like we are doing something wrong. Can you contact me to explain me what's wrong? I want to get the things right before adding even more functions. Jenny@healint.com
Thanks so much for the review Jacki! So glad to hear the app is helping you! How can we improve the app for you to make it a 5 star one? You can email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you! Your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster!
Dear Mr Marion, thank you for your support of the app. Is there anything we can do for you to earn back the missing star? Perfect reviews are important to us and go a long way to supporting what we do. =) Do let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can see what I can do for you =) Thank you!
Thank you. The fifth stars would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thanks Julie! We are looking into including more pain locations and will keep you updated!
Claire, You can actually add as many triggers as you wish, remove, reorganize and search triggers most common to others too. I hope it helps and if so, it would be great to give the missing star back the star to our hard-working engineer to encourage them! Contact me if anything at Jenny@healint.com
Thanks for your review Kat! We are glad that the app has been useful for you in detecting patterns in your migraines. If there is anything we can do to make this a 5 star app for you, please drop us some suggestions at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! Jenny
Thanks so much Lisa!
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you Pel. We try to constantly improve the app features and look. Feel free to send me some suggestions at Jenny@healint.com  This will hopefully help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you Lorraine for the review, I would like to understand the source of the removed star. I want to be sure that we are doing things right! It would be great if you could contact me at Jenny@healint.com
Dear Ken, yes, the e-mail listing export is a "sure bet", simple and accepted by every doctor. Feel free to contact me Francois(at)healint.com to discuss reports! NB: We do prioritise based on votes in the forum (link [feedback] in the app or here: http://goo.gl/8psS1O). Else we would be developing only for people removing stars (ˆ_ˆ)  
Thank you Stacey. How can help you and grab the missing star then ? :-) Jenny
Thank you Sabrina. The app seems to fully match your expectation. Is there anything i can do to grab the missing star? :-) Jenny
Hi Elaine, we are working on some variations of the app icon, if there is good response from it we will change to a new one! Thanks so much for your suggestion :) - Jenny
Thanks very much Amanda! Glad you like the app! How can we improve it to make it a 5 star one? 5 stars really helps us to improve the app much faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks for the support!
Dear Bonnie, The new function "Daily trigger" may be of some help here to record daily the main state of the continuous headache. For example create 3 buttons to record daily the presence, absence, intensity of this continuous headache...  Feel free to come and talk about it on our facebook chat: http://m.me/migrainebuddy Jenny
Thank you Lorin, we are working on the best way to implemant a change during attach tracker. In the meantime you can use the note section of the migraine record to report any changes, and use the timestamp button on the top right corner of this section . You also have a stopwatch button on your medicine page to track when you have taken a medicine.
Thank you so much Lynsey!
Thanks CJ! Glad you like the app! I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?? You can email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you! Thanks!
Thank you Song Marshall. You can get a daily notification to make sure you login your daily trakcer info everyday. :-) Contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need assistance.  Would that be enough to grab the missing star for this excellent tracker ? :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Nicole! Is there anyway we can improve the app for you to get the missing star back? 5 stars really helps us improve faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com with your ideas. Thank you!
Hi Lilian, Thanks so much for your review! Glad to hear you like the app! How can we improve it to make it a 5 star one for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com if you want to share some ideas- I'd love to hear from you :)
Thanks for your review Christina! Weather tracking is coming soon and we are looking into a daily tracker as well. You can follow these ideas here: http://goo.gl/VUrbqv and we will keep you updated! You can also email me at jenny@healint.com if you want to discuss further! I'd love to hear from you :)
Dear Aridia, glad to hear that we can be of help to other conditions as well. Could I check if you encountered any issue with the app? 4 star reviews usually for app with minor bugs and we do want to make sure you have a perfect experience. Please let me know more at at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to troubleshoot it for you. Thank you!
Thank you Melisa! I see we missed one star in the rating. Is there some way we can improve to earn the missing star back? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve much faster so I'd love to hear your thoughts! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
Thank you Stephanie for your review! Do remember to help us update this review once you are more comfortable with the app ^^ Perfect reviews are important in supporting our developers in what they do! If you ever need help or if you have suggestions for us on how to improve the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Stephanie, yes you are right, in order to match Android 9 new settings the only way is to keep the sleep tracking notification on all night. It desappears in the morning so. This is unfortunately the only way to have the sleep tracker work with Android 9, not something we added intentionaly. Hope this clarifies enough to get the missing star?:-)
Thank you David. Please contact me directly at jenny@healint.com as there are ways to enter different types of migraines and record pain level changes during an attack. Hope this will me grab the missing star :-) Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi B. A., we wish you all the best in your treatment! If you have any suggestions on how we can improve on the app, feel free to discuss with me jenny@healint.com, I look forward to hearing from you :) - Jenny
Hi Lena, thanks for your comment :) As we thrive to deliver a 5-star service to our users, what can we do to deserve a 5-star rating from you? Please feel free to let me know at jenny@healint.com Jenny
Hi Bezalel, you may add aura position in the notes of the summary section and it will appear in your export listing :) if you need further assistance with this, I will be glad to help you. Email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much for your review! - Jenny
Great to hear you and your doctor like the app Valerie! I see we lost one star in the rating- how can we improve the app for you to make is a 5 star one? Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com! I look forward to hearing from you! Thank you!! :)
Hi Kari, you can use the timestamp button of the note section in the migraine record to add any relevant information about the migraine. Instead of a widget you can start a migraine and then use the "not now'" button to record the details later. Would this help me getting the fifth star ? :-) Jenny
Thank you for the perfect review! I'm glad you find the app helpful! Please feel free to reach out to me at jenny@healint.com anytime with feedback or suggestions for how we may improve the app! =D
Thank you Kerry-Anne. Regarding the taking note of your food, you can do it in the note section of the daily sleep recording. Not sure i understand what you mean about the slepp detection. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for assistance or suggestion that would help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Shonda, There is a notes section for each migraine which you can find in the summary as well as a daily notes section which you can find in the sleep section of my records. You can easily remove and add triggers as you wish. Just hold down the delete button for removing and add new for adding. Hope that will earn the missing star back! THanks :)
Hi Stephanie, we have sent you an access code. Look forward to your adjusted feedback.  Veronica
Thank you Laura. The fifth star would encourage our team of developer who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Dear Monica, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what we can do to make the app a 5 star experience for you? Your support is important to us, [lease let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Faith. You cannot change settings of medications because it would alter the reports where you have already used these medications. On the other hand, you can delete an unused med and create it again immediately with the correct settings. 5-stars would be the ultimate reward for our developers :) Jenny
Thank you. You can remove the med reminder by hitting the circle arrow on the top right corner of the medication reminder page. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you! We are actually working hard to keep every feature needed by migraine sufferers totally free. The external reports you refer to are tailor made for users with special needs. Our goal is to make those free when they will no more require manual work. Jenny
Dear Tammy, we're glad to hear the app has made tracking easier for you. Could I check if you encountered any issue with the app? 4 star reviews usually for app with minor bugs and we do take user experience seriously. Could you write to me at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to help you troubleshoot it for you? Thank you!
Hi Sarah, Thanks for your positive review! If you are facing performance issues with the app, you can email support@healint.com, we can also discuss the security issue you mentioned regarding the payment contribution. Hope to hear from you :) - Jenny
Thank you Nancy, the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you for your updated review Sarah. We had a service downtime issue with our Weather service provider for a few hours yesterday but it should now be back up and running globally. I think I have already sent you an email about it. Anyway, please contact me at jenny@healint.com if it still does not work for you. Kind regards, Jenny
We hope too Stacy! feel free to reach out to me if needing help: Jenny@healint.com It would be great to see this removed star come back too (ˆ_ˆ) it helps us in improving faster, and there is so much more we want to do and improve. Jenny
Thank you for your kind words Charlotte. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Dear Lisa, thank you for your review! 4 star reviews are for apps with minor problems, would you be able to let me know what we can do to earn the missing star? Perfect reviews are really important in supporting the development of the app! I hope to hear from you soon at jenny@healint.com
Thank you very much Nancy! I see we missed one star in the rating- may we know how we can improve to make it a 5 star app for you? We'd love to hear your feedback! You can email me at jenny@healint.com Thanks a lot!
Hi Sandra, I'm glad you like certain features! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars, which usually indicates minor errors. Are you facing an issue at the moment? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! =)
Thank you very much Susan!
Thanks for recommending the app Cate! Your support is much appreciated :)
Thanks Kayla! We are looking into this feature right now! Could you email me at jenny@healint.com and maybe we can test it out together with you. Thanks so much!
Thanks JAe! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one? feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you!
Dear Megan, we would definitely recommend tracking these details in the "Notes" section of your migraine records. :) Could you also share with me the bugs you've faced while using the app? 4 stars are usually for apps with minor bugs. If you could let me know the issues at jenny@healint.com, I could get the team to help you troubleshoot. Thank you!
Ouch! it must have been disappointing!  Did you try the export? This is meant to be perfect for neurologist who are used to the paper diary, we adjusted it carefully to make it very similar, simple columns and lines. No graphs.  Maybe should we continue this discussion via e-mail? I would like to help you. Francois (francois@healint.com)
Hi Kathryn, are you login problems solved? I hope that's the case.  Else we should investigate together, you can contact me on jenny@healint.com. Also, we improved a lot the latest version, you should try! Jenny
Great to hear the app is helping Lauren! I see we missed one star in the rating, is there anyway we can improve to make it a 5 star one for you? I'd love to hear from you- feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks :)
Hi Barb, thank you for your review. We hope the app is useful for you and that you will give us a 5-star review then :) If you have any suggestions on how we can improve, you can drop me an email at jenny@healint.com and we can discuss anytime. - Jenny
I see that you are happy with migraine-buddy. This is sad though to see that you removed a star. I feels like a punishment as this is lowering the average rating visible to every new potential users. It slows down the new development. But I will not abandon! If you can contact me to tell what made you reduce our rating? Jenny@healint.com
Thank you for your feedback Caval! Could I check if you are facing problems with the app? 4 stars rating are for apps with minor problems. If you are facing problems, could you please drop me an email at jenny@healint.com to let me know more so I can fix it and make it a 5 star experience for you? Thank you!
Dear Shruthi, 4 star reviews are usually for apps with minor bugs. Could you advise what issues you've faced in the app so I understand how we may improve this app to a 5 star experience for you? I would love to hear from you again at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! :)
Hi Tianna, could you send me an email at jenny@healint.com and I will look into this issue for you! Thanks for your patience :)
Thank you Sharon! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? I'd love to hear your thoughts. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. 5 stars really helps us improve. Thank you :)
Thank you! You can choose to record a migraine, headache, hangover... in the attack type section. Also note that you can customize most screens with your needs. Hope this will help enough to grab the missing star :-) Jenny
Hi there, I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Faith. You cannot change settings of medications because it would alter the reports where you have already used these medications. On the other hand, you can delete an unused med and create it again immediately with the correct settings. 5-stars would be the ultimate reward for our developers :) Jenny
Hi Helen, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars and you'd like to change a few things. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! =)
Thank you Sharon! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? I'd love to hear your thoughts. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. 5 stars really helps us improve. Thank you :)
Thank you Kate! Anything I can do to grab the missing star then? :-) Jenny
Thanks very much Anne! It would be great to know how we can earn th emissing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! I would love to hear from yoU! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Hi Theresa,  Thank you for your kind words! ^^ Would you have any suggestions for us on how we can improve to get a 5 stars rating from you? 5 stars reviews are extremely important in supporting the development of the app so please drop us a note at Jenny@healint.com if you have any suggestions for us. Thank you!
Thanks Sharon! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! 
Glad to hear Migraine Buddy is working well for you Kate! Thanks for your lovely review :)
Hi Lynsey, You can use the note section of the migraine report to record any change during a migraine. You can even use the time stamp to record the exact time of the change. Hope this is enough to grab the missing star back :-)- Jenny
Hi Logan, thanks so much for your review! We are looking into the suggestions you have made and infact the recording medication time and dosage will come soon. We will keep you updated on this end. How else can we improve the app for you to make a 5 star one?
Thanks for your review, Jo! If you have suggestions on how we can improve on the app to make it 5-stars, please email me at jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Dear Mr Marion, thank you for your support of the app. Is there anything we can do for you to earn back the missing star? Perfect reviews are important to us and go a long way to supporting what we do. =) Do let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can see what I can do for you =) Thank you!
Thank you Melissa! Glad you found Migraine Buddy useful in finding triggers. How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you??
Thanks so much Glenda! I see we missed one star- how can we improve for you? We'd love to hear your thoughts on how we can make it a 5 star app for you. You can email me at jenny@healint.com to discuss more! Thanks!
Thanks Misty! We are glad the app is helping you! I noticed that we have one star missing in the rating- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thank you. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Petro, thanks for your positive review! Are there certain features or improvements that you would like to see in the app? Feel free to email me and we can discuss jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Thank you so much Vashti! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back- 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
Hi Diana, Supporting users to track changes in triggers for longer migraines is something which the team is still working on. For now, I would recommend using the "My Notes" section as a place for you to log the changes in pain level, weather, medication etc. If you need further assistance, please let us know at jenny@healint.com
Thank you for your feedback Linda! But based on your note it seems that there is something in the app that you don't like. Could you please send me an email at jenny@healint.com? We could discuss deeper about it and find a solution! It could help to improve the app! Otherwise, if everything is fine, you can also update your note! :-) Thank a lot!
Thanks so much Lydia!
Thanks for your review Alissa! Glad the app could help is making migraine management easier for you. These are great ideas and quite popular as you can see here: http://goo.gl/TPV6cs Please do visit, vote and comment! We are working hard on improving the app and will keep you updated on progress of your suggestions!
Thank you Joseph. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Diana,  Great to know that you found Migraine Buddy useful. Would you be able to let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? (^^) 5 star reviews are extremely important to support the development of new features for the app. Please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks Brandy! Glad you could figure out that medication was a trigger! How can we improve Migraine Buddy to make it a 5 star app for you? I'd love to hear your ideas- you can email me at jenny@healint.com if you like! Thanks so much! :)
Thank you Mrs Whales! The fifth star would encourage our team of developeres who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Thanks Adrian! How can we improve it to get the missing one star back? I'd love to hear your ideas- my email is jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster and also encourages our team. Thank you :)
Hi Prakirti, The first two ideas can be found here: http://goo.gl/cSfIyn we would like to know more about how you would want to track the changes in intensity. After V.8.4, the email export should be working fine- we will look into it for you from our end! Anything else we can do to get 5/5 stars? 5 stars encourages us to keep improving faster!
Dear Shruthi, 4 star reviews are usually for apps with minor bugs. Could you advise what issues you've faced in the app so I understand how we may improve this app to a 5 star experience for you? I would love to hear from you again at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! :)
Thank you! The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance with the app. Jenny
Thank you Natalie. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Kristi!  How can we make it a 5 star app for you? we;d love to hear your feedback!
Thank you Jessie. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks so much Tanya! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app further! THank you :)
Thank you Michael. If there is anything we can do to improve your Migraine Buddy experience or if you've faced any issues in the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it for you. Thank you! Jenny
Dear Vanessa,  Sorry to hear about your migraines. Please send an email to contact@healint.com to get an early user access code.  Best Regards,  Ali
Thanks Evan! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Susan, thank you for your support :-)  why 4 stars then? Jenny
Thank you for your feedback. Please contact me directly at Jenny@healint.com if you need assistance with the app. This might help me grab the missing star! :-) Jenny
Hi Theresa,  Thank you for your kind words! ^^ Would you have any suggestions for us on how we can improve to get a 5 stars rating from you? 5 stars reviews are extremely important in supporting the development of the app so please drop us a note at Jenny@healint.com if you have any suggestions for us. Thank you!
Hi Heather, We're happy to hear that our app was helpful for you to track migraines. 4 star review indicates minor problems with the app. Would you be able to let us know what we can do to earn that missing star? 5 star reviews are important to us and supports the development of the app. I would love to hear back from you at jenny@healint.com
Thanks so much Caitlyn! We are working on the pain variation feature and testing prototypes. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us go much faster! Thanks so much :)
Hi Megan, if you are sure you want to start over, you can create a new account with a different email address instead of deleting entries one at a time. Hope this helps! If you have any other suggestions on how we can make this a 5-star app, drop me an email at jenny@healint.com. :) - Jenny
Thank you! This is something we are working on at the moment. Sorry for the inconvenience. You can still manually record your sleep period though! Jenny
Hi Sarah, Thanks for your positive review! If you are facing performance issues with the app, you can email support@healint.com, we can also discuss the security issue you mentioned regarding the payment contribution. Hope to hear from you :) - Jenny
Hi Diana,  Great to know that you found Migraine Buddy useful. Would you be able to let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? (^^) 5 star reviews are extremely important to support the development of new features for the app. Please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks so much Angela! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star app for you?
Hi Deb, Thanks for your review!! How can we improve it to make the app a 5 star one for you? feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com.I'd love to hear from you!
Thanks for your review, Tracy! We are glad to hear it's useful for you. I hope you can contact me at jenny@healint.com so we can discuss how we can make it a 5-star app. We want to make our users happy ^^ Jenny
Thank you Rebekah. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thanks for your review and suggestions, Anindita! Could you drop me an email at jenny@healint.com and I can let you know how you can use the current features in the app to track medication independently of a migraine! Thank you :) - Jenny
Thank you Tess! But based on your note it seems that there is 'already' something in the app that you don't like. Could you please send me an email at jenny@healint.com? We could discuss deeper about it and find a solution! It could help to improve the app! Otherwise, if everything is fine, you can also update your note! :-) Thank a lot!
Thank you Lorraine for the review, I would like to understand the source of the removed star. I want to be sure that we are doing things right! It would be great if you could contact me at Jenny@healint.com
Thanks Robyn! Glad the app can help during doctor visits. I see we missed one star in the rating- is there any way we can improve? You can email me at jenny@healint.com to share your thoughts! 5 stars are incredibly encouraging for our team and help us improve faster. Your support will be much appreciated!
Great to hear you and your doctor like the app Valerie! I see we lost one star in the rating- how can we improve the app for you to make is a 5 star one? Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com! I look forward to hearing from you! Thank you!! :)
Thank you Hedder. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks so much Betsy! Glad you are liking the app!
Thanks very much Alice!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ Can you share with me more on what you mean by logging in your sleep feelings at jenny@healint.com? I'm very interested to know your idea! Thanks! =D
Thanks so much Teresa! I see we missed one star in the rating- do you feel the app can be improved? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. I would love to hear from you as 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. Thanks :)
Hi Gavin. thanks for the review- can you email us at contact@healint.com so we can look into this problem for you?
Thank you Nicola! Could you let us know what we can do to make this a 5 star experience? 4 stars usually indicate minor problems with the app =(  Perfect reviews are important to support the app and help us improve the app much faster. Please let us know what we can do at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks gemma! Glad you like the new updates!
Hi Helen, Thanks for your review! A food/mood diary is popular requested feature and it can be found here: http://goo.gl/dmAAfy.   We are looking into how this can be added into the app. How else can we get the one missing star back? Your encouragement helps us improve faster!
Glad the app could help identify your triggers Kristy! How can it be made a 5 star app for you? We'd love to hear more feedback
We're glad to hear that the app helped you to track and see patterns in your migraines. Could you let me know what you mean by "more management"? The missing star means a lot to the team. Do let me know what we can do/change to earn the missing star at jenny@healint.com. =) Thank you!
Thank you Kara. What can I do to grab the missing star? :-) Jenny
HI Melissa, please contact me at Jenny@healint.com for assistance on how to best use the app. Jenny
Thank you so much Vashti! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back- 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
That's great Neylyn! So glad the app is helping you. Please feel free to get in touch if you need any help ( contact@healint.com)
Thanks Brittany. The fifth star would encourage our developers even more in keeping up with the hard work and improve the app for everyone. Jenny
Thanks for updating your review, Cyndi! Your support means so much to the team! Do you have further suggestions on how we can make it a 5-star app for you? jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Thank you Desiree. You can always use the "not now" button just after having started a migraine. Then come back to fill in the different pages when you feel better. Feel free to contact me directly at jenny@healint.com if you need futher assistance. Jenny
Thank you Colleen. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Jim,after the new update, all you need to do is keep the app open for a while as it is backing up data. After this is done, the app will work at the same speed as it did before. Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com at any time for help! thanks for your inconvenience!
Dear Shuan, we're glad you like the app! ^^ Did you encounter a problem with the app? 4 stars are for apps with minor problems. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Alesha. The fifth star would encourage our team developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Cyndi,  You can use "My Triggers" section to create triggers corresponding to the foods you eat and track it daily. Over time, with sufficient migraine and trigger tracking information, the app would be able to assess how likely a food is to trigger a migraine. If you need more clarifications, please contact us at jenny@healint.com :-)
Hi Holli,  Could you try checking "Sleep Settings" under "Settings" screen to see if you have turned off the automatic sleep detection. If that still did not help, could you please write in to me at support@healint.com so that team could look into this for yo? Than you!
Thank you for your support, Michele. What can I do to grab the missing star then? Jenny
Dear Christine, We considered this possibility but many Android phones do have occasional bugs when using the SD cards. It can create a security problem or a loss of data. Those data are very important for you, and unique. We will only do it as soon as we confirm that Android became reliable on that! Francois
Thanks so much Jamie! This is great to hear that the app has helped so much/ I see we missed one star in the rating- I'd love to hear how we can improve for you to make it a 5 star app. You can email me at jenny@healint.com with your thoughts. Thanks a lot!
Thanks for your review Paula! Glad you like the app. We are working on the ability to change pain intensity levels. You can see the progress of this idea here: http://goo.gl/k3cAe8. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com as well! :)
Thank you for your feedback Tabby!  But based on your note it seems that there is something in the app that you don't like. Could you please send me an email at jenny@healint.com? We could discuss deeper about it and find a solution! It could help to improve the app! Otherwise, if everything is fine, you can also update your note! :-) Thank a lot!
Thank you so much Crystal! Do recommend Migraine Buddy to friends and family when possible :)
Dear Clayton, we pushed an update. It seems to work despite the Google-play bug. Version 16.6. Give it a try and tell me!!! Jenny
Thank you Allen. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers! :-) Jenny
Thanks Malgorzata! We are glad you like the app! However we seem to have been one star short of 5 stars- we'd love to know how we can improve for you to make it a 5 star app. you can email us at contact@healint.com
We wish to find out how we can better help you and earn the fifth star. Please contact me at jenny@healint.com to let me know! Jenny
Hi Jeff, Thanks for your feed back!  For most people it uses a maximum of 4% battery. May I know much battery the app is using on your phone currently? Kindly check your email as well! Kind Regards, Saulat   
Thank you. In the main menu you can export your data and send it to your doctor directly. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Terri, we are working on including a time stamp for medication taken- you should be able to see it soon! How else can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thank you Shlemyith! Glad to see that you like it already. But I see that you did put 3/5 rating. This is a very low rating usually associated with apps having major bugs. Do you face a problem? You can contact me at Jenny@healin.com to talk about it (ˆ_ˆ)
Thanks so much Carie! How can we earn the missing one star back? It would be great to hear your ideas! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Hi Annie, thanks so much for your feedback! Do come back to tell us how you liked the app- we'd love to earn the missing one star back as it really helps us grow faster. Thanks and look forward to hearing from you! :)
Dear Kasandra, could you share more about what you find hard to use at first? I would love to hear more about your experience at jenny@healint.com. That way, I can pass on your feedback to the team and we can fix those things for future newcomers.
Hey Lisa, yes, you can add sleep manually. Just go to My Records and tap on to "Sleep" tab, then tap on the "+" icon to manually create your sleep entry. If that helped, please help us out and update your review. Else, do drop me an email at jenny@healint.com so I could help you walk through it :)
Thank you Stephanie for your review! Do remember to help us update this review once you are more comfortable with the app ^^ Perfect reviews are important in supporting our developers in what they do! If you ever need help or if you have suggestions for us on how to improve the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Nora. The fifth star would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Stephie! How can we make it a 5 star one for you?
Thanks Angela! How can we improve the app for you as I see we missed one star.
We're glad to hear that the app helped you to track and see patterns in your migraines. Could you let me know what you mean by "more management"? The missing star means a lot to the team. Do let me know what we can do/change to earn the missing star at jenny@healint.com. =) Thank you!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ Which part of the triggers are you facing difficulty? Would you like to send me an email at jenny@healint.com so we can explore more? I look forward to your email! Thanks! =D
Thanks very much Glenda! Glad to hear you like the app. is there a way we can improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com if you want to discuss faster! Thanks :)
Thank you for your kind words Aleisha. The app doesn't support the picture format yet. A fifth star would encourage our team of developers who are working hard to make this app as accurate as possible for users. :-)Jenny
Hi Maggie, we are currently working on prototypes for recording evolution of migraines. Keep a look out as we are continuously updating the app for our users! :) - Jenny
Thanks so much Amy! How can we earn the missing one star back? It would be great to hear your ideas! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Thank you for your support, Michele. What can I do to grab the missing star then? Jenny
Dear Tyra, could you let me know if you've encountered any issues while using the app? 4 stars ratings are usually for apps with minor bugs. If you've faced any issues, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it as soon as possible. Thank you for your help!
Thank you for your support Mia. Glad to hear your migraines are under control. Did Migraine Buddy help you in any way to fix your migraines ? Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you Joanne,. We have plans to synchronize with other app but this needs time. Please bear with us while we are working on it. Jenny
Thank you Cindy, that's right! I also get those cases when I am not too sure if I sure record but in case of doubt would like to record as very small or non-painful. Just to be sure, is the removed star due to that? or due to a problem your faced? Francois
Thank you for your kind review, Kylie! You're absolutely right! In fact, a variation of pain intensity is one of the most requested addition. While we try to make that a reality, you can update your pain level in the Notes section of the migraine record, using the time stamp located at the top right-hand corner of the screen. =)
Thank you Valerie. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers.:-) Jenny
Thank you for your review Andrea. If there is anything we can do to improve your Migraine Buddy experience or if you've faced any issues in the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it for you. Thank you!
Thank you for your kind words. You can also use the tmestamp in the top right corner of the notes section to time your changes during a migraine. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi mallywolfe you can easily enter a past migraine in the app by choosing input time on the Start and end time screen. After that, change the date and then the time and do the same for the end time. You can record a migraine as usual after that. If you have some problems please email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thank you very much Nancy! I see we missed one star in the rating- may we know how we can improve to make it a 5 star app for you? We'd love to hear your feedback! You can email me at jenny@healint.com Thanks a lot!
Thanks Leaner! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Did you face any disappointments with the app you would like to share? You can email me at jenny@healint.com.Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app faster! 
Thank you for your feedback Louise. Please contact me at Jenny@healint.com and i will assist you fix the sleep detection settings.It might be due to an issue with Samsung device at the moment. Hopefully I will get the 5th star then :-) Jenny
Thank you for your feedack. All the Migraine Buddy data is saved on our server, not on your phone. There is an issue with Samsung devices at the moment so if you have one please contact me at Jenny@healint.com and i will help you fix the problem. Jenny
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our developers who work hard to make this app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Ruby, please contact me directly at Jenny@healint.com and I will assist you in getting the buddy part to work.  Jenny
Tack så mycket Jodi!
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Beth, thanks for your review! If you like the app after a few more days, do help us out by increasing your rating ;) Otherwise you can offer me feedback on how we can improve by emailing me jenny@healint.com. - Jenny
Thank you Nicola! Could you let us know what we can do to make this a 5 star experience? 4 stars usually indicate minor problems with the app =(  Perfect reviews are important to support the app and help us improve the app much faster. Please let us know what we can do at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Jocelyn! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thank you Chantalle for this feedback! For the sleep detection, have you set up your phone as the main device? To do it, please go to your sleep records (My Journal &gt; Sleep tab), swipe down on the screen and activate the option "Set this device as my main sleep tracking device"! If it doesn't work, please contact me at jenny@healint.com :-)
Dear Megan, we would definitely recommend tracking these details in the "Notes" section of your migraine records. :) Could you also share with me the bugs you've faced while using the app? 4 stars are usually for apps with minor bugs. If you could let me know the issues at jenny@healint.com, I could get the team to help you troubleshoot. Thank you!
Thank you Carl. Hope the app will give you enough satisfaction to come back and update your review with the missing star :-) Jenny
Thank you Allen. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers! :-) Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Samantha. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will improve the app and help me grab the missing star back. :-) Jenny
Thank you for your support Tracy. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will improve the app and hopefully help me grab the missing star back. Jenny :-)
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Jeff, Thanks for your feed back!  For most people it uses a maximum of 4% battery. May I know much battery the app is using on your phone currently? Kindly check your email as well! Kind Regards, Saulat   
Thanks Stephanie. Would you have any suggestion on how to grab the fifth star? Happy to read them at jenny@healint.com Jenny :)
Hi Tamara, were you not able to login? Please email me at jenny@healint.com and I will help you out. Thanks so much! Sorry for the inconvenience!
Thank you Paula. Feel  free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would help me grab the missing star back. :-) Jenny
Hi Elizabeth, you can create multiple accounts in Migraine Buddy. You just need to use another device than the one you use for your child. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com if you need assistance. Jenny
Thank you Maria. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Chanel. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Feel free to come back to me directly  at Jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance. Jenny
Hi Salem, thanks for reaching out to us! You can find the time stamp function on the right-hand corner in the Notes section of the migraine record. As for the food diary, you can include them in the Daily Tracker. This would make it easier for you to track your triggers. If you have further queries, please contact me at jenny@healint.com! =D
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our developers who work hard to make this app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Kim. Our goal is to deliver a 5* service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will improve the app and help me grab the missing star back. :-) Jenny
Thank you Mike. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the prefect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Tracy, thanks for your suggestions! We are working on including your suggestions in the app and you should see them soon! 
Thank you Meri! How can we improve the app for you to make it a 5 star one?
Thanks for your review, Candice! Is there anything you particularly like or dislike about our app? You can email me for discussion jenny@healint.com, we always welcome user feedback :) - Jenny
Hi Tab, thanks for your review. Do come back and let us know what you think of the latest version. You can now track daily medication in the new sleep notes. This also allows you to track other details outside of a migraine. You can email me at jenny@healint.com to share your thoughts! Thanks
Dear Ken, yes, the e-mail listing export is a "sure bet", simple and accepted by every doctor. Feel free to contact me Francois(at)healint.com to discuss reports! NB: We do prioritise based on votes in the forum (link [feedback] in the app or here: http://goo.gl/8psS1O). Else we would be developing only for people removing stars (ˆ_ˆ)  
Tack så mycket Jodi!
Hi there, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what we can do to make the app a 5 star experience for you? Your support is important to us. Please let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks so much Angela! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star app for you?
Hi Kait, you can actually remove this category through your profile page by unclicking the "do you want to be asked questions about your menstruations" box. Hope you will find this answer useful enough for me to get the missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Christine, Thanks for giving Migraine Buddy a chance! We hope the app has been of use to you so far. (^^) Could I check what we can earn back the missing star? A 4 star review indicates minor problems with the app and we would really want to perfect our app to 5 stars. I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com
Hi Jeffrey, there is a way to avoid this trouble, in the calendar, select the year located on the top left corner, a scroll with years will appear.You can scroll to your birth year that way. Please believe that our goal is to deliver a 5 stars service to Migraine Buddy users: contact me at jenny@healint.com to share other potential improvements :-)
Dear Joy, thank you for your feedback! Could you elaborate more on what you mean a better file extract option? Currently, it exports as a html file with your migraine record in table format. Are you hoping for an excel download or something else? Please let me know more at jenny@healint.com.
Hi Fallon, you can record your meals in the notes section which is in the sleep section of My Records. You can also time stamp these notes!
Hi Scarlett, not sure i understand this comment? Jenny
Thanks Cory!  It would be great to know how we can make it a 5 star app for you. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thanks :)
Hi Glen,  Great to know that Migraine Buddy has helped you identify a trigger ^^ How can we improve for a 5 star review? The missing star really means a lot to us and the development of new features for the app. Please let us know at jenny@healint.com
Hi Dena, we have a feature called Pressure Buddy that detects the current pressure based on your location. This is activated automatically when your location services are enabled while using the app. If this satisfies you, hope you will add one more star to your review :) - Jenny
Thank you Tracy! Great to hear you like the app. It would be great to hear how we can earn the missing one star back. Did you feel disappointed with the app some how? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars will help us to go faster in improving the app! THanks :)
Hi James, not sure i understand what you mean but feel free to share your concerns with me at Jenny@healint.com. Jenny
Thank you Amy, The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Glenn, Thanks for your feedback! For the date selector, try selecting the month first and then inputting the day. This should make the correct dates appear for that particular month. Kindly check your email as well. Wishing you well!
Thanks so much James! How can we improve Migraine Buddy to make it a 5 star app for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. I'd love to hear from you! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! 
Thank you for the love Allyson!!
Dear Navneet, common food triggers are already listed in the triggers section and the Daily Tracker tab. Is there something which you think we have missed? Please let me know at jenny@healint.com. I'll be happy to discuss this further ^^
Hi Andy, thanks for your review! I'd love to hear what you had in mind regarding reminders. We are looking into some features like that and it would be great to get your feedback. You can email me at jenny@healint.com Thanks!
Thank you Jennifer! We are glad Migraine Buddy could help you understand your migraines better. I noticed we lost one star in the rating- how can we make it a 5 star app for you? Please feel free to email us at contact@healint.com to discuss further. Thanks!!
Hi Susan! Glad to know that our app was helpful to you! Do help us by updating this rating whenever you feel comfortable! Perfect ratings would help us to go much faster. Your support and review means a lot to the team. Thanks very much :) If you have any suggestions for how we can do better, you can always let me know at jenny@healint.com.
Thanks very much Glenda! Glad to hear you like the app. is there a way we can improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com if you want to discuss faster! Thanks :)
Great! We are very happy to know that Migraine Buddy can help you! Thanks a lot!
Thank you for your feedback! The fifth star would really encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :) Jenny
Dear Daniel, the location data is used to provide you with more accurate weather info for your migraines because there are cities so big that weather could differ drastically within the same city at the same time. If this answer helped, please help me by updating this review. If you have other reservations, do let me know at jenny@healint.com
Hi Wilber! Do you mind sharing with me at jenny@healint.com how we can improve to make your experience a better one?
Thank you and welcome to the Migraine Buddy community. The fifth star would encourage our hardworking developers who make this free app the perfect tool for  migraines sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi jon, Thanks for your review.We'd love to hear more feedback from you about the sleep diary. Can you send us an email at contact@healint.com so we can discuss further. We are working on improving the sleep diary and your input would be very helpful.
Hi Chandra,  Thank you for your suggestion. A medication tracker is definitely one of the ideas that we will look into in the future. Right now, we are prioritizing the development of other more urgently requested feature e.g. tracking pain intensity. If you have any other suggestions, please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com
Hi there, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what we can do to make the app a 5 star experience for you? Your support is important to us. Please let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Alivia, thanks for your review! We are looking into including a function to track pain intensity changes during a migraine. It would be great to get your feedback on it- could you send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further? We look forward to hearing from you! thanks!
Thank you Nancy, the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you Melisa! I see we missed one star in the rating. Is there some way we can improve to earn the missing star back? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve much faster so I'd love to hear your thoughts! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Tyler, thank you for your suport! If there is anything we can do to improve your Migraine Buddy experience or if you've faced any issues in the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it for you.Thank you! Jenny
Thanks Malini! Can you write to us at contact@healint.com to tell us which period tracker you use? We are looking into syncing Migraine Buddy with other apps. And yes, you are right, Periods can have a tricky relation with migraines. Did you record yourself as a woman in the app? It will then ask you questions about your periods too.
Thanks so much for supporting us! We are happy the app is helping :)
Thanks for your review, Jo! If you have suggestions on how we can improve on the app to make it 5-stars, please email me at jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Thanks for your review Ashley! I see we missed one star in the rating- is there anyway we can improve to make it a 5 star app for you? I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. 5 stars encourages our team greatly and helps us improve much faster!
Dear Daniel, the location data is used to provide you with more accurate weather info for your migraines because there are cities so big that weather could differ drastically within the same city at the same time. If this answer helped, please help me by updating this review. If you have other reservations, do let me know at jenny@healint.com
Thank you so much Vashti! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back- 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
Thanks so much Carie! How can we earn the missing one star back? It would be great to hear your ideas! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Thank you. How can i help you to grab back the missing star? :-) Jenny
Hi Rachel,  Try tracking the time of your symptoms in the "Notes" section of your migraine record. There is an icon on the top right hand corner of the notes section to allow you to quickly log the current time and write down the symptom you felt! Please help us by updating this review if this solves your need!
Thank you so much Sarah!
Hi Elaine, we are working on some variations of the app icon, if there is good response from it we will change to a new one! Thanks so much for your suggestion :) - Jenny
Dear Nicole, Thank you for taking the time to write here. I see that you would like to get more from the app. This is possible and still totally free of charge, the first thing to do is to go into the suggestion forum (reachable from the left pane of the app), and votes for ideas similar to yours. Hope to get that star back for the team. Jenny
Thanks for your review and for bringing this to our attention! Could you send an email to jenny@healint.com and I will look into it right away for you. Thanks for your patience! 
Hi Leanne, thanks for your review! If you have issues with the sleep detection, please feel free to contact support@healint.com, we will be glad to help you out. (You can prevent this inaccuracy by setting usual sleep times in My Profile and placing your phone on a stable surface when you sleep!) Jenny
Thanks so much Michelle! I see we are missing one star in the rating- It would be great to know how we cna improve for you to make it a 5 star app. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thanks Vic for your kind comment :) According to you, how could we improve Migraine Buddy to that you give it a fifth star? Jenny :)
Hi Megan, glad to hear you think the app will help your doctor!! May I know how we can earn the missing star back? Were you disappointed with the app in anyway? 5 stars helps improve the app much faster and is super encouraging for our team. Thank you!!
Hi Holly, Sorry to hear about your migraines.Thanks so much for your review- I see we were one star short of a high-five! How can we improve the app for you? 
Hi Saverin, glad the app can help you! Can you send me an email at jenny@healint.com to discuss the chat room you suggested? In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us to improve the app much faster. Thanks!
Thank you for the review, Mary! We're glad you've found the app useful to track symptoms/treatments so far. Please reach out to us at jenny@healint.com and we'd be glad to answer any questions you might have regarding the reports and hopefully earn that 5th star :)
Thank you for your support Abdullah. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks Kalpana! How can we improve Migraine Buddy to make it a 5 star app for you? you can email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you!
Thank you so much Leanne! Glad to hear you like the app! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back- 5 stars is very helpful in improving the app faster! thanks so much :)
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you for your support Emily. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you Helen, you can create another Migraine Buddy account on a 2nd device (tablet, smartphone). The fifth star would encourage our developers who work hard to make this app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Louise, yes, we have this request a lot. But for now we were not satisfied with the first solutions we tested. I use the Note sections when I change something compared to usual (different dosage, different type of pain)  Does the removed star means that the application is not helpful enough as it is now? Francois
Hi Catherine,  Great to know that Migraine Buddy has been useful for you. Would you be able to let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? 5 star reviews are important to support the development of new features for the app so please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks Frank! What are your suggestions for improvements? We'd love to hear from you- feel free to email us at contact@healint.com. We look forward to hearing from you!
Thanks Brittany. The fifth star would encourage our developers even more in keeping up with the hard work and improve the app for everyone. Jenny
Thank you for your support Tracy. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will improve the app and hopefully help me grab the missing star back. Jenny :-)
Thanks for your feedback Laura! Currently we are working on a way to track symptom changes. However, in the meantime you can record this and if your migraine is constant, intermittent etc. in the notes section. 4 stars brings down our average- 5 stars are very helpful in improving the app faster! Thanks a lot :) 
Thanks TK. We would love to know what you think could be added in the app to make it a 5 star one. Please send us an email at contact@healint.com- we look forward to hearing your ideas! 
Dear Navanit, Thank you for this feedback. 3/5 is a very low rating. To give you a point of comparison: 3 stars apps are usually apps crashing continuously. Does it represent the experience you faced with Migraine Buddy? (we will develop more when above 4.5 average rating, to be sure that we are doing the basics right.)
Thank you Alli. The fifth stars would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Amy, the coming update will give you the opportunity to record medical history.  Hope this will help grab the missing star. :-) Jenny
Thanks for the review and suggestion!! We'd love to hear more- can you send us an email at contact@healint.com? In the meantime, how else can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Hi Megan, glad to hear you think the app will help your doctor!! May I know how we can earn the missing star back? Were you disappointed with the app in anyway? 5 stars helps improve the app much faster and is super encouraging for our team. Thank you!!
Dear Jody, we're glad you found the app easy to use ^^ Did you encounter a problem with the app? 4 stars are for apps with minor problems. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Katrina! The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Dear Amanda, Thank you for your kind words! We love to know that we have been of help.    Do you have any advice for us on how to improve the app so it would be worthy of a five star rating? Please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com
Dear Chantal, Can you contact me at Jenny@healint.com? Going through the screens takes normally no more than 60s.  My first thought is that you must have a big problem with your internet connection, but I would like to investigate!  Talk to you soon, we will find a solution! Jenny
Thanks Steve! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? i'd love to hear your thoughts- you can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much!
Thanks so much Maggie!
Hi Waltrina, thanks a lot for your review. May we know how we can improve the app for you  to make it a 5 star one?
Thank you for your kind words. You can also use the tmestamp in the top right corner of the notes section to time your changes during a migraine. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Heather, Thank you for giving Migraine Buddy a try :-) We hope you could update your review when you feel the app has helped you figured out your triggers. It would mean a lot to us if we could earn a perfect review from you. If you have any suggestions on how we can improve, please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com
Hi Mary, you can easily export your report by going to the drop down menu and choosing export. You can then email the report to your self or your doctor. Please email us at contact@healint.com if you need any help with this. Thanks for your review :)
Thanks Erica! Glad the app could help you! I'd love to hear how we can make it a 5 star app for you- 5 stars helps us improve even faster! Your support and feedback will be much appreciated. Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
Thank you Katrina! The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Rebekah, Glad to know the Migraine Buddy has been very helpful for you. (^^) It would really mean a lot to us if you could let us know what we can do to earn the missing star =( Every 5 star review is important to supporting the development of new features for the app. I hope to hear from you soon at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you so much!
Thanks Bambie!
Thank you, the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you very much Caroline! Could you send me an email about the sleep diary at jenny@healint.com? I will look into it for you! In the meantime, 5 stars really helps us to improve the app much faster! Thank you :)
Hi Vanessa! Glad to know the app is helping you keep up with your migraines. Please help us by letting us know what we can do to make this a 5-star experience for you. Perfect ratings would help us to go much faster. I look forward to hearing from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Emily. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you, the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Jenni, Glad to hear you like Migraine Buddy! We are looking into tracking pain level changes through out the day. Would you like to help us test it out? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars helps us to improve and make new features much faster! Thanks :)
Hi Sarah, Thanks for your positive review! If you are facing performance issues with the app, you can email support@healint.com, we can also discuss the security issue you mentioned regarding the payment contribution. Hope to hear from you :) - Jenny
Thank you Nicole. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need assistance with the app. Jenny
Thanks very much Chris!
Dear Jo, Great to hear that our app was simple to use. :-) 4 star reviews indicates that the app has minor problems. Would you be able to let us know what problems you faced when using the app so we can earn back the missing star? Please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com. I hope to hear from you soon. Thank you!
Hi Megan, I'm glad you love the app! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Is there anything which you find insufficient with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you for your suggestion Emma. Alternatively, you can add any relevant information in the Notes section of the migraine record. :-) The fifth star would encourage our hardworking developers who make this free app the perfect tool for  migraines sufferers. Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ Do drop me an email at jenny@healint.com so I can share with you more on how you can keep a record for your food. Thank you! =D
Thanks so much Amy! How can we earn the missing one star back? It would be great to hear your ideas! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Hi Rebekka, you can use the note section of the daily sleep tracker to record any non-migraine events that you find useful to know. Hope this will help you enough to grab the fifth star :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Carie! How can we earn the missing one star back? It would be great to hear your ideas! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Hi Luis, we are so glad that we can help get your migraines under control through the app. However, I see we missed one star in the rating- is there anyway we can improve the app? 5 stars helps us to improve faster and it would be great to know how we can get the one star back.Thank you!
Hi Irene,  Would you be able to tell us more about the type of information or report types that you would like to see? Please drop us a note at jenny@healint.com to let us know :-) By the way, we will be rolling out a new update soon. Please do help us update the review if you find our new update to be sufficient to address your needs :) Thank you!
Hi Jo, you can track change in the note section of the migraine record. In the same place you also use the timestamp button on the top right corner to better manage your meds efficiency. Hope this will help you better track your migraines and hope it is enough to grab the missing star :-). Jenny
Thank you. How can i help you to grab back the missing star? :-) Jenny
Thank you. What can i do for you to gain the 5th star ? :-) Jenny
Hi Sherreka, Thank you for your review. It's great to know that you find the reminders helpful. We hope the app proves to be even more useful for you in the future. If it does, do come back and give us one more star as it would help us so much ^^   If you have suggestions on what we can do to improve the app, please email me at jenny@healint.com :)
thank you so much Kathy!!
Hello Laura, and thank you for the feedback! Right now, logging preventative medications is possible in the notes section. Please let us know how we can earn that extra star. Feel free to email me any time at jenny@healint.com and I would be happy to answer answer any questions you have:)
Thank you very much Sunil! Glad to hear you like the app :) How can we earn the one star back? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thank you very much :)
Hi Kathryn, thanks for your review. If you have any suggestions on what we can do to make it a 5-star app for you, feel free to discuss with me at jenny@healint.com. :) - Jenny
Hi Swami! Thanks so bringing this to our attention- could you email me at jenny@healint.com and I will look into this problem immediately for you. So sorry for that and thanks for your patience!
Thanks Nicole! We'd love to know how we can make it a 5 star app for you-how do you think we can improve? You can email me at jenny@healint.com  with your ideas. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thank you :)
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Jodi, you can record any change during a migraine in the note section of the migraine record. This section also contain a timestamp to be more precise on when the change occurs. Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ Which part of the triggers are you facing difficulty? Would you like to send me an email at jenny@healint.com so we can explore more? I look forward to your email! Thanks! =D
Thank you Jessica for your review. Could I check if you faced any problems with the app? 4 star ratings are usually for apps with problems. &gt;.&lt; If you face a problem, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I may help you fix it and earn back the missing star. Thank you for our help!
Dear Joy, thank you for your feedback! Could you elaborate more on what you mean a better file extract option? Currently, it exports as a html file with your migraine record in table format. Are you hoping for an excel download or something else? Please let me know more at jenny@healint.com.
Thank you Kerry-Anne. Regarding the taking note of your food, you can do it in the note section of the daily sleep recording. Not sure i understand what you mean about the slepp detection. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for assistance or suggestion that would help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks Rhonda! How can we make it a 5 star one for you??
Hi Courtney, have you been tracking your migraines regularly to find your triggers? We'd love to hear from you if you have feedback on how we can improve to make it a 5-star app, drop me an email at jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Hi there, thanks for your review! Regarding the weekends/weekdays in the reports, there is no way to change this unfortunately! It is something we can consider changing for our international users.   Has the app been useful for you since? You can try our latest version 1671 and let me know what you think! jenny@healint.com  Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ Do drop me an email at jenny@healint.com so I can share with you more on how you can keep a record for your food. Thank you! =D
Dear Liz, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what we can do to make the app a 5 star experience for you? Your support is important to us! Please let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi there, I'm glad you like the app! ^^ You can note the variation of pain in your migraine with the "Notes" field. There's even a timestamp function in the top right corner of the Notes screen. If my suggestion has helped, please help us update this review. If not, please contact me at jenny@healint.com so I may understand your needs better ^^
Thank you Mary. Why not the 5th star then? :-) Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ Can you share with me more at jenny@healint.com how adding notes in the Daily Tracker will be useful for you? I would love to hear your opinion. Thank you!
Thanks Leslie! We are working on including changes in pain intensity. For now, have you tried to record this information in the notes section? We will keep you updated!
Thank you Robert What can I do to grab the 5th star then ? :-) Jenny
Thank you very much Jody! How can we earn the missing one star back? It would be great to hear your ideas! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Thank you Joann. The fifth stars would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Dear Manuela, we're glad you found the app easy to use. Did you encounter any bugs with the app? 4 stars reviews are usually indicate minor bugs with the app. If you've faced any issues in the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it for you. Thank you!
Thank you for your comment Rachel. We are working on improving the chats at the moment. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Kellie, can you send me an email at jenny@healint.com and I will look into this immediately. Thanks for your patience! 
Hi Benoit, While multiple users on one account would be convenient to help manage kids' profile, there are privacy concerns over healthcare data which could have legal implications. Please let us know what else we can do to get the missing star back. It means a lot to the future development of the app. You can reach us at jenny@healint.com
Dear Navneet, common food triggers are already listed in the triggers section and the Daily Tracker tab. Is there something which you think we have missed? Please let me know at jenny@healint.com. I'll be happy to discuss this further ^^
Thank you!  How can I help you to grab the missing star back? :-) Jenny
Thank you Kimberly, You can contact me any time if having questions, suggestions and more. In the meantime it would be great not to remove 1 star from our rating yet (ˆ_ˆ), it reduces our average rating. (of course you can change the rating at anytime if you were not satisfied with our efforts) Jenny@healint.com
Thank you Sara. The fifth star would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Beth, thanks for your review! If you like the app after a few more days, do help us out by increasing your rating ;) Otherwise you can offer me feedback on how we can improve by emailing me jenny@healint.com. - Jenny
Thank you for your support Xavior! Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back :-). Jenny
Hi Cheryl, thanks for your feedback. Every migraine or sleep entry you make can be modified at any time.Go to the migraine calendar and tap on the migraine you wish to modify. You will be taken to the summary page. Please email me for more questions about this as well as the sleep diary. I'd love to help you out. email: jenny@healint.com.Thanks!
Thanks for your update Ash! Yes we are looking into a tracking changes in pain intensity during a migraine- you can email me at jenny@healint.com to find out more. You can also find this idea- together with pain location changes here: http://goo.gl/k3cAe8. I look forward to hearing from you!  Thanks :)
Hi Sarah! Many of our users use the app for headaches too, you can differentiate them from migraine records by adding a note on the summaries page. If you need more help, you can email me jenny@healint.com Thanks for your review! :) - Jenny
Thank you Jennifer! We are glad Migraine Buddy could help you understand your migraines better. I noticed we lost one star in the rating- how can we make it a 5 star app for you? Please feel free to email us at contact@healint.com to discuss further. Thanks!!
Thanks Malini! Can you write to us at contact@healint.com to tell us which period tracker you use? We are looking into syncing Migraine Buddy with other apps. And yes, you are right, Periods can have a tricky relation with migraines. Did you record yourself as a woman in the app? It will then ask you questions about your periods too.
Thanks Bambie!
Thank you for your support. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you for your support Brendon. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Lindsey!
Thanks so much Jamie! This is great to hear that the app has helped so much/ I see we missed one star in the rating- I'd love to hear how we can improve for you to make it a 5 star app. You can email me at jenny@healint.com with your thoughts. Thanks a lot!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you! The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine suferers. Jenny
Thanks Shelley! Glad you like the app- can we improve it in anyway to earn the missing one star? Your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! Thanks :)
Hi George, thanks for the feedback! We hope that you will come back update us- we would love to know how we can earn the one missing star back. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster. Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com if you need any help. Thanks a lot!
Hi Liv- Anita, thank you for your feedback. The app gives you the ability to track if your attacks are linked to your cycle. In My Profile you can turn on the cycle questions. Also you can add an " ovulation" or ' period' trigger or add it to your daily tracker. Feel free to contact me directly at jenny@healint.com if you need assistance. Jenny
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Kae, Great to know our format was suitable for your needs (^^) A 4 star review indicates minor problems with the app. Would you be able to let us know what we can do to earn that missing star? 5 star reviews are really important to us and supports the development of the app. I would love to hear from you again at jenny@healint.com
Thank you Stacy! It would be great to know the reason for the removed star- 5 stars helps us to go much faster. Your support and review will help us improve the app much faster. Thanks very much :) You can email me at jenny@healint.com.
Thank you for your feedback Andrea. You can actually track some events through the note section of the migraine record page. On this same section you can also use the timestamp on the top right corner to track many changes during the course of a migraine. Hope this will help you enough to grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Sabrina! We hope your doctor will find the app useful in your treatment :)
Thank you Anita. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Christina!!
Thank you Kay. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free application the perfect tool for people with migraine. :-) Jenny
Hi Petro, thanks for your positive review! Are there certain features or improvements that you would like to see in the app? Feel free to email me and we can discuss jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Thanks CJ! Glad you like the app! I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?? You can email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you! Thanks!
Dear Natasha, thanks for the review.  We still never lost any data, I am pretty confident we will find what is happening. Can you contact me at Jenny@healint.com ?
Hi Madi!  Great to know that Migraine Buddy has helped you in communicating with the doctors. Is there anything we can improve on to make this a 5 star experience for you? The missing star is important to support the development of new features for the app so please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Ben. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you Kianna! We are glad you like the app! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Krystle, Thanks for your review! You can add more options for each category and customize to your requirements. You can do this by tapping Add New. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster. Thanks!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you for your message. You can use the daily sleep notes to record any non migraine related information. If you need further assistance, don't hesitate to contact me directly at jenny@healint.com Jenny
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to constantly improve and deliver a great app for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Hi Vickie, thanks for the review! You can easily print your reports by going to export in the drop down menu and emailing your report to yourself.
Hi Janice, thanks for your review! Could you send us an email at contact@healint.com so we can help you with the battery issues. The app uses about 3-5% on most phones however we can investigate further for you. Thanks a lot!
Dear Scott, could you help me understand which reminders you are referring to and what you have in mind when you say "update"? Please do share your thoughts with me at jenny@healint.com so I can accurately pass on your feedback to the team. Thank you for your help!
Thank you. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com to share your feedback on the app and give suggestions to improve it. This might help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Christine, thanks for your review! Glad to hear the app is helping you. How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve much faster!
Thank you for your support Crystal. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi BreeAnna, thanks for the review! The app should not be using more than 3-4% of the battery on your phone, however Galaxy Notes tend to use more. No worries- I have an easy fix for that. Please email me at jenny@healint.com! Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app faster! Thank you :)
Dear Aridia, glad to hear that we can be of help to other conditions as well. Could I check if you encountered any issue with the app? 4 star reviews usually for app with minor bugs and we do want to make sure you have a perfect experience. Please let me know more at at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to troubleshoot it for you. Thank you!
Thank you for your support. You can add a pregnancy button in the daily tracker or directly in the trigger page. Hope this will be enough to grab the missing star :-) Jenny
Thanks Alicia. The Fifth Stars would encourage our developers to work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you so much for your lovely review Donna!
Dear Carly, Thank you, it makes sense! Usually we can always say "no symptom" or "no aura", which is different from skipping. Let's find a simple way to add that. Also, is there a problem with the app which is making you remove a star? We want to have everything done perfectly before adding new functions. Francois
Thanks Melissa!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ Can you share with me more at jenny@healint.com how adding notes in the Daily Tracker will be useful for you? I would love to hear your opinion. Thank you!
Hi Alecia, you can identify possible food triggers using "My Triggers" (bottom left icon on the home screen). Add and track all the different types of food you eat daily. When you have a migraine, your  recently eaten food will be highlighted when you are asked to choose your triggers. Do help us update your review if this solves your problem!
Thanks so much for the awesome review Shelly :)
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thanks so much for supporting us !
Hi Tamara, were you not able to login? Please email me at jenny@healint.com and I will help you out. Thanks so much! Sorry for the inconvenience!
Thank you Kait! The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you Mike. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the prefect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Simone,  Great to know you like the app ^^ You can track the changes in the pain intensity by using the notes section of the migraine. It has a time stamp option which helps you log the pain level at a given time. The team is currently working on a prototype to see how we can help users track the changes in pain intensity in a more elegant way.
Thanks so much Michelle! How can we make it a 5 star app for you?
Hi Jeff, Thanks for your feed back!  For most people it uses a maximum of 4% battery. May I know much battery the app is using on your phone currently? Kindly check your email as well! Kind Regards, Saulat   
Hi Elizabeth, you can add this under the sleep tab (morning & night notes) or in the new update in 16.6. Please email me jenny@healint.com and I will help you :) thanks for your review! - Jenny
Thank you David. Please contact me directly at jenny@healint.com as there are ways to enter different types of migraines and record pain level changes during an attack. Hope this will me grab the missing star :-) Jenny
Hi Loizy. You don't need to end a migraine each time you have a change, you can use the note section of the migraine report and also the timestamp button on the top right corner on this section to record and time any changes. Hope this will  help enough to get the missing star back. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for assistance. Jenny
Thank you. The fifth stars would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Dear Eleonore, do you mind elaborating more on what you mean by "too specific"? Please do drop us an email at jenny@healint.com so I can pass on your feedback to a team.
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you for your support! What can I do to grab the missing star then? :-) Jenny
Ouch! it must have been disappointing!  Did you try the export? This is meant to be perfect for neurologist who are used to the paper diary, we adjusted it carefully to make it very similar, simple columns and lines. No graphs.  Maybe should we continue this discussion via e-mail? I would like to help you. Francois (francois@healint.com)
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you so much Tara! Glad you like the app and the new update. I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we earn it back? We'd love to hear from you! 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster and add new features like the weather much faster. Thanks!
Thank you for your support! 4 stars rating are for apps with minor problems. If you are facing problems, could you please drop me an email at jenny@healint.com to let me know more so I can fix it and make it a 5 star experience for you? Thank you!
Thanks Christine! May we know why we lost the one star? It would be great to know how we can improve the app to make it 5/5 for you!
Hi Jennifer, sorry to hear you've been facing performance issues with the app - the tech team are working very hard on it and will provide improvements ASAP. We hope to earn the one star back in future! If you every face any difficulties, please contact support@healint.com. Thanks so much for your review! Jenny
Hi Logan, thanks so much for your review! We are looking into the suggestions you have made and infact the recording medication time and dosage will come soon. We will keep you updated on this end. How else can we improve the app for you to make a 5 star one?
Hi Bonnie, you can turn off automatic sleep detection by going into Settings. The app will not ask you your sleep timings again. I hope this helps- is there any other way we can make it a 5 star app for you? 5 stars helps us to improve faster and encourages our team a lot! Thanks :)
Thank you for your kind words. You can also use the tmestamp in the top right corner of the notes section to time your changes during a migraine. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
We're glad to hear that the app helped you to track and see patterns in your migraines. Could you let me know what you mean by "more management"? The missing star means a lot to the team. Do let me know what we can do/change to earn the missing star at jenny@healint.com. =) Thank you!
Thank you for your support. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Wilber! Do you mind sharing with me at jenny@healint.com how we can improve to make your experience a better one?
Hi Annie, thanks so much for your feedback! Do come back to tell us how you liked the app- we'd love to earn the missing one star back as it really helps us grow faster. Thanks and look forward to hearing from you! :)
Thanks for your comment Kelley. We are working on this feature and you can follow and vote for it here: http://goo.gl/oQEt2v In the meantime, how else can we get the missing one star back from you? 5/5 stars really encourages to improve faster. Your support is invaluable to us!
Thanks so much Samantha! I am glad you find Migraine Buddy so easy to use! Do you find something missing in Migraine Buddy based on your experience with other apps? It would be great to learn from your experience, it will help me it pushing for specific improvements. And wishing you as few migraines as possible! Jenny (Jenny@healint.com)
Hi Philip, thanks for your review! We are glad the app is helpful for you. Do you have any feedback or suggestions on how we can make it a 5-star app for you? Feel free to email me and we can discuss! jenny@healint.com
Thanks Misty! We are glad the app is helping you! I noticed that we have one star missing in the rating- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thanks for your feedback and suggestions Elaine! We are glad to hear that Migraine Buddy has been able to support you through your migraines. We hope it continues to do so! Wishing you well, Saulat
Hi Sheila, thanks for your review! Yes the reminder is there so that you can enter an end time so that your records are more accurate. Do come back and let us know your thoughts on the app- we'd love to know how we can earn the one star back as this helps us improve much faster. You can also email me at jenny@healint.com.  wishing you well!
Thanks so much Kristin! Hope the app is able to help- feel free to email me if you have any questions: jenny@healint.com. Happy Holidays!
Thank you Jennifer, the latest version is being deployed now, and it generated some crashes. Working on it!
Thank you for your feedack. All the Migraine Buddy data is saved on our server, not on your phone. There is an issue with Samsung devices at the moment so if you have one please contact me at Jenny@healint.com and i will help you fix the problem. Jenny
Hi Amanda, Thanks for your review! I am so glad to hear you like the app and find it helpful. How can we improve it to make it a 5 star one for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com with your ideas :)
Hi Irene,  Would you be able to tell us more about the type of information or report types that you would like to see? Please drop us a note at jenny@healint.com to let us know :-) By the way, we will be rolling out a new update soon. Please do help us update the review if you find our new update to be sufficient to address your needs :) Thank you!
Thank you Jessie. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
We're glad you love the app so far Isabel ^^. I've noticed you've rated us 4 stars which indicate minor problems with the app. May I know what we can do to we can earn the missing star and make the app even more helpful for you? Please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Maureen, Great to know that Migraine Buddy is working well for you :-) As there are a lot of migraine meds out there, we are only able to populate our default listing of meds with the most commonly prescribed ones. If you have other thoughts on how we can earn the missing star, please let us know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! :-)
Hi Louise, Thanks for your feedback! Please visit http://migrainebuddy.uservoice.com to leave us suggestions or vote for ideas that appeal to you the most. We look forward to hearing from you! Kind Regards, Saulat
Thank you for your feedback Andrew. Should you like to further discuss this point, feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com. Also, our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Do not hesitate to send me suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you for your support and kind words Tiny Head. As our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Ian, Thanks for your review and for recommending the app! I would love to hear how we can tweak it to make it a 5 star app for you- you can email me at jenny@healint.com. thank you! :)
Thank you very much Sunil! Glad to hear you like the app :) How can we earn the one star back? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thank you very much :)
Thank you for your support. What can I do to grab the missing star? :-) Jenny
Dear Ash, we usually record it in the "notes" at the end. It allows to describe with more flexibility.
Thanks so much Nicole! Is there anyway we can improve the app for you to get the missing star back? 5 stars really helps us improve faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com with your ideas. Thank you!
Thank you for your comment and review :) We strive to provide a 5-star service to our community of users! Jenny
Thanks JAe! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one? feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you!
Thank you for your feedback! The fifth star would really encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :) Jenny
Thanks for your review, Jessica! We'll take your feedback into consideration and work hard at making Migraine Buddy a 5 star app for you. :)
Thanks so much A! We are so glad you like the app and that it is helping you and your doctor as well. May we know how we can improve to make it a 5 star app for you? We would love your feedback.
Hi Kelsi. Glad you like the app. You can enter notes in either the note section of the migraine record or in the daily sleep reco;-rd notes. Contact me at Jenny@healint.com for more information. Hope this will help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks very much Margo! How can we make the app a 5 star one for you? We'd love to know your thoughts- you can email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars will help us go faster with improvement! Thank you :)
Thank you Michael. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers! Jenny
Hi Tammy, could you please email me at jenny@healint.com. I will look into this immediately for you. Thanks for your patience!
Thank you for the great comment! It would be great to have a chat to know what made you remove a star? Were you disappointed? did you face an unexpected problem?
Hi Amy, thanks for your review! It would be great to know how we can improve the app for you. You share your ideas with me at jenny@healint.com. I'd love to hear from you. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app faster and faster. 
Thank you so much Sharon!
Hi Andy, thanks for your review! I'd love to hear what you had in mind regarding reminders. We are looking into some features like that and it would be great to get your feedback. You can email me at jenny@healint.com Thanks!
Hi Michelle, thanks for your review! We are glad the app is helping you. We are working on a medication time stamp and you should be able to see it soon! We will keep you updated on this. Please feel free to email me if you have any questions at jenny@healint.com :)
Thank you very much for your encouragement and support Monica!
Hi Clara, Thanks so much for your review! We are glad that Migraine Buddy has been able to help you. Thanks for your suggestion- currently we are reviewing how best to include this feature in the app. You can also view the progress of this idea here http://migrainebuddy.uservoice.com/forums/253148-leave-feedback . Wishing you well! 
Glad to hear Migraine Buddy is working well for you Kate! Thanks for your lovely review :)
Thank you for your kind words Nick. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you so much for making our day with your amazing review Lauri!
Dear K Jones, could you write in to me at jenny@healint.com so we can look into how we can get the app to start working for you again? Otherwise, you can chat via facebook here: http://m.me/migrainebuddy
Thank you Patrick! Do you mind sharing with me more at jenny@healint.com about the specifications you'd want to see on Migraine Buddy? It'll be helpful for me to understand your needs and I can raise it to the team for discussion.
Thank you Sue. Glad to see that the app is matching your needs. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service :  please send me your suggestions and feedback at Jenny@healint.com .
Thank you Emily. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Stephanie, we have sent you an access code. Look forward to your adjusted feedback.  Veronica
Thanks Heloise! How can we improve for you? please to email us at contact@healint.com-we'd love to hear more!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Putra, thanks so much for your review! It would be great to know how we can earn the one star back? Can we improve some how? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars really helps us improve faster! Thank you :)
Hi Cherry, sorry to hear that. Best would be to contact me directly at jenny@healint.com with your suggestions to improve the app design. On the other hand 5* would encourage and support our team who already created "a very good app". :-)  Looking forward to hearing from you.  Jenny
Hi Jaz, thanks for your review! How can we make the app a 5-star app for you? You can email me your suggestions jenny@healint.com and I would love to discuss with you ^^ - Jenny
Thank you Sue. Glad to see that the app is matching your needs. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service :  please send me your suggestions and feedback at Jenny@healint.com .
Thanks Erik! Glad the app is helping you. How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars can help us improve the app much faster!
Thank you Kelsey! What would make you like it so much that you would give it a fifth star? Jenny
Thank you Claire. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks for your review and suggestion Joseph. This is a good idea- are you trying to figure out your triggers? Has your doctor suggested that you record details on migraine free days as well? It would be great to discuss more with you on this. Kindly check your email as well. Wishing you well!
Dear Tracey,  Thanks for contacting us at contact@healint.com. We hope you have successfully used the access code by now.
Hi Ronnie,, thank you for your support. The dark mode is already available in the Buddies page, we are implementing this step by step. Hope this will help me grab the missing star. Jenny
Thanks very much Willow! How can we improve for you to make Migraine Buddy a 5 star app?
Hi Chely, if you would like to discuss the issues that you have about the sleep tracker, please email me jenny@healint.com, I can help you out! :) - Jenny
Glad the app can help with making migraine tracking easier for you! You can now use the new notes section in the sleep diary to record details outside of a migraine ( not just for sleep). Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster. Thank you :)
Hi there, you can actually create multiple migraine entries within a day, provided you ended the ongoing migraine record so that you can start a new one. If you have further queries, please feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! =)
Dear Shay, we're glad you found the app complete for monitoring your migraines. ^^ As 4 stars are for apps with minor problems, would you be able to let me know what we can do to earn the missing star? Perfect reviews are really important in supporting the development of the app! I hope to hear from you soon at jenny@healint.com
Thanks so much Betsy! Glad you are liking the app!
Hi Dawn, we are looking into your suggestion! Would you like to give us some more feedback on what you would like to see? send us an email at contact@healint.com
Hi Sabrina, glad to hear the  app is helping you and your doc! Thanks so much for your review! It would be great if you could share how we can make this a 5 star app for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve much faster :)
Thanks so much! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? Feel free email me at jenny@healint.com! I look forward to hearing from you :)
Thanks for your feedback and suggestions Elaine! We are glad to hear that Migraine Buddy has been able to support you through your migraines. We hope it continues to do so! Wishing you well, Saulat
Hi Elizabeth, you can add this under the sleep tab (morning & night notes) or in the new update in 16.6. Please email me jenny@healint.com and I will help you :) thanks for your review! - Jenny
Thanks very much Alexandra. Glad to read the app helps you and your doctor :) Jenny
Thanks very much Emma! Is see we missed one star in the rating- did you face any disappointments with the app? I'd love to hear your ideas- you can email me at jenny@healint.com. 5 stars is great encouragement for us to improve faster. Thanks! :)
Thanks for your review, Jessica! We'll take your feedback into consideration and work hard at making Migraine Buddy a 5 star app for you. :)
Thanks so much Carrie! Please do come back and update us- we'd love to hear how we can earn the missing one star back! Your support and 5 stars will help us improve much faster!
Thanks! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks :)
Thanks very much Alexandra. Glad to read the app helps you and your doctor :) Jenny
Thanks so much Julian! Glad you like the app! How can we improve it to make it a 5 star one for you? I'd love to know how we can earn the one star back- you can email me at jenny@healint.com. 5 stars helps us to improve the app faster! Thank you :)
Thank you Kimberly. You can alsways use the note section of the migraine record to add any additional information you wish to. In the note section you have a timestamp that can also help track any change in your migraine or medication taken. Jenny
Thanks for your review Paula! Glad you like the app. We are working on the ability to change pain intensity levels. You can see the progress of this idea here: http://goo.gl/k3cAe8. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com as well! :)
Thanks Stephanie. Would you have any suggestion on how to grab the fifth star? Happy to read them at jenny@healint.com Jenny :)
Thank you Hannah. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for Migraine Sufferers! :-) Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Sarah, we are glad you find the app useful! If you have suggestions on how to make it a 5-star app for you, please leave me an email at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much for your review :) - Jenny
Thank you!  You can customize the app by adding/removing any elements you need to on each page. Regarding the menstrual cycle, it is up to you to go to your profile in the menu and untick the box asking if you want to be asked questions about it. Hope this will help you. :-) Jenny
Thanks CJ! Glad you like the app! I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?? You can email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you! Thanks!
Hi Steve, were you able to install it? The latest update is version 1671, you can give it a try :) - Jenny
Thank you Pel. We try to constantly improve the app features and look. Feel free to send me some suggestions at Jenny@healint.com  This will hopefully help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks for your review, John! You may drop me an email at jenny@healint.com with suggestions on how we can make it a better app for you :) - Jenny
Thank you very much Laura. Is there anything I can help with to grab the missing star? :-) Jenny
Hi Swami! Thanks so bringing this to our attention- could you email me at jenny@healint.com and I will look into this problem immediately for you. So sorry for that and thanks for your patience!
Thank you Jessie. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks very much Jamey! We are looking into including a weather tracking function and will keep you updated on this. It's a great idea! How else can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thank you Nicole. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need assistance with the app. Jenny
Louise, yes, we have this request a lot. But for now we were not satisfied with the first solutions we tested. I use the Note sections when I change something compared to usual (different dosage, different type of pain)  Does the removed star means that the application is not helpful enough as it is now? Francois
Thank you for your kind words Martin. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Bill, The team is currently working on prototyping tracking pain intensity. In the meantime, you make notes about whether it gets worse over time in the notes section of the migraine screen.If you need more help, please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com.
Glad you liek the app Jessica! I see we missed one star in the rating- anyway we can improve to make it a 5 star app for you? I'd love to hear from you! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Hi Terri, your specialist would be interested in the maximum pain intensity of your migraine and that should be what you log as your pain intensity. If you like to record the changes in pain intensity, you can try using "Notes" section of your migraine record. Please support us by updating this review if our suggestions have helped! Thank you!
Thank you Jennine. You can add as medication as you wish to in the app. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance. Jenny
Thanks Lauren! Sorry to hear about your daily migraines.An export function is planned and will be available soon. In the meantime,you can send and email to us at contact@healint.com to ask for your entries prior to your appointment. We can send them to you soon after! Thanks and regards, Saulat
Hi Chely, if you would like to discuss the issues that you have about the sleep tracker, please email me jenny@healint.com, I can help you out! :) - Jenny
Dear Basia,   We're still in the middle of working on a design for showing users their sleep regularity. Once it is released and if our design is helpful for you, please help us by update this to a 5-star review. Earning the missing 1 star is important to us. ^^ If you have more suggestions, please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com
Hi Jessica,  Great to hear that you like our app! ^^ Could you let us know what we can do to deserve 5 stars? The missing star is extremely important to us and will go a long way to support the development of the app. If you have any suggestions, we would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com
Thank you very much Cindy! It would be great to know how we can earn th emissing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! I would love to hear from yoU! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thank you for your suggestion, we are constantly working on improving the app. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Cecilia, Thanks for the review! I see we were one star short of 5 stars- did you feel disappointed by the app in anyway? You can email me at jenny@healint.com to discuss further. Your support and 5 stars will surely help us improve the app faster! Thank you :)
Hi Rebekah, Glad to know the Migraine Buddy has been very helpful for you. (^^) It would really mean a lot to us if you could let us know what we can do to earn the missing star =( Every 5 star review is important to supporting the development of new features for the app. I hope to hear from you soon at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Paula. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Dear Melissa, thank you for taking the time to leave us a review =) Please help us by updating this review whenever you feel comfortable. Your support and 5 stars will help us to keep improving the app! I'll be happy to hear your thoughts and suggestions for the app at jenny@healint.com
Hi Ginnifer, thanks for sending us an email with regards to this. We will reply your email soon. =)
Thank you Kay. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free application the perfect tool for people with migraine. :-) Jenny
Thank you for your feedback Andrea. You can actually track some events through the note section of the migraine record page. On this same section you can also use the timestamp on the top right corner to track many changes during the course of a migraine. Hope this will help you enough to grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Jade!
Thanks Julie! We are looking into including more pain locations and will keep you updated!
Hi Busisiwe, thanks very much for your review! Could you send me an email at jenny@healint.com so I can help you with the sleep diary. For adding extra medication and triggers, you can simply tap Add new on those screens! Your support and 5 stars can help us improve much faster! Thanks :)
Thank you for your comment Rachel. We are working on improving the chats at the moment. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you Mary. Why not the 5th star then? :-) Jenny
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thanks so much Kristi!  How can we make it a 5 star app for you? we;d love to hear your feedback!
Hi Kelly. Thank you for your support. Have you tried the timestamp button on the top right corner of the note section? It will help you record exactly when the pain intensity has changed and also when you took a medicine. This button helps a lot in tracking long lasting migraines. Jenny
Dear Sarah, no worry, this is actually meant to make it easier for doctors. All migraines vary a lot, the pain level, the position etc... having only one key value makes it easy for your doctor to compare seizures in the lists. But you should use the notes too to record more details for you! Any disfunction made you remove a star? Jenny@healint.com
Glad you like the app Chantel! I see we missed one star in the rating. How can we improve Migraine Buddy to make it a 5 star app for you? Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com with your ideas :)
Thanks for your lovely review Amy! We are so happy to hear that Migraine Buddy has been helping you manage your migraines! We hope it continues like this and we would love to keep in touch with you for further exchange. Wishing you well! 
Hi Morgan, this notification is an Android 9 requirements that we cannot remove. It is on only during your regular sleep period recorded in the settings.  Jenny
Hi Sherry, we are glad to hear the app has been helpful for you. We have customized details reports available, you can email me at jenny@healint.com and I will assist you further! Thanks so much for taking the time to leave a review, much appreciated :) - Jenny
Thanks so much Sylvia! I see that we still miss one star in the rating- do you feel the app can be improved? 5 stars helps us to improve the app faster and faster for you. You can share your thoughts with me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thanks very much Hunny :) A fifth star would actually encourage our developers very much in keeping up with the hard work of improving the app further :) Jenny
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks Niki. It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you for your updated review Sarah. We had a service downtime issue with our Weather service provider for a few hours yesterday but it should now be back up and running globally. I think I have already sent you an email about it. Anyway, please contact me at jenny@healint.com if it still does not work for you. Kind regards, Jenny
Dear Scott, could you help me understand which reminders you are referring to and what you have in mind when you say "update"? Please do share your thoughts with me at jenny@healint.com so I can accurately pass on your feedback to the team. Thank you for your help!
Dear K Jones, could you write in to me at jenny@healint.com so we can look into how we can get the app to start working for you again? Otherwise, you can chat via facebook here: http://m.me/migrainebuddy
Hi Joy! We are glad you like the app! How can we improve it to make it a 5 star one for you?  Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks :)
Thank you Joann. The fifth stars would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Andy, thanks for your review! I'd love to hear what you had in mind regarding reminders. We are looking into some features like that and it would be great to get your feedback. You can email me at jenny@healint.com Thanks!
Thank you Samuel! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Ouch! it must have been disappointing!  Did you try the export? This is meant to be perfect for neurologist who are used to the paper diary, we adjusted it carefully to make it very similar, simple columns and lines. No graphs.  Maybe should we continue this discussion via e-mail? I would like to help you. Francois (francois@healint.com)
Hi Rachelle, thank you for your support. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need assistance with the app. I'd be delighted to help you. Jenny
Hi Kathy, Thanks so much for your review! We are actually working on a daily tracker- would you like to help us test it out? You can email me at jenny@healint.com and we can discuss further :)
Thanks so much Betsy! Glad you are liking the app!
Thank you Tracy. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com with suggestions that would help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you Jennifer. Our goal is to deliver a 5* service to our users. Please feel free to contact at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help improve the app and hopefully grab the missing star back. Jenny :-)
Thanks so much Roberta! We would love to know how we can make is 5 star app for you! 
Thanks so much for supporting us !
Hi Joe, you can do this from with the stopwatch in the medication screen. Also you can timestamp the medication in the note section of the migraine record. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny Jenny@healint.com
Hi Alexander, for technical problem the best is to contact me via e-mail at Jenny@healint.com or via chat on our facebook chat (on top of the page: www.facebook.com/migrainebuddy/ ) - Jenny
Thanks Malini! Can you write to us at contact@healint.com to tell us which period tracker you use? We are looking into syncing Migraine Buddy with other apps. And yes, you are right, Periods can have a tricky relation with migraines. Did you record yourself as a woman in the app? It will then ask you questions about your periods too.
Dear Jo, Great to hear that our app was simple to use. :-) 4 star reviews indicates that the app has minor problems. Would you be able to let us know what problems you faced when using the app so we can earn back the missing star? Please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com. I hope to hear from you soon. Thank you!
Thank you Corinna. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Tanya! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app further! THank you :)
Thank you Al, we are working on Android 9 compatibility that we are working on. Please bear with us. Jenny
Thanks for your feedback and suggestions Leslie! We are so glad to hear that Migraine Buddy has been able to help you through your migraines. We will keep you suggestions in mind for further updates. Wishing you well, Saulat
Thanks Kalpana! How can we improve Migraine Buddy to make it a 5 star app for you? you can email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you!
Thank you for your support. What can I do to grab the missing star? :-) Jenny
Thank you very much Sabrina! Glad the app is making it easier for you to track migraines. I see we missed one star in our rating- did you face any disappointments with the app? I'd love to know how we can earn that missing one star back- you can email me at jenny@healint.com! Your support and 5 stars will help us improve faster! :)
Hi Tracy, thanks for your suggestions! We are working on including your suggestions in the app and you should see them soon! 
Hi Diane, we are working on the best way to export the sleep note and hope to be able to do so in the near future. Jenny
Hi Rebekah, Thanks for your comment. Your suggestion is present on our uservoice forum. You can view it here:http://goo.gl/cH1j0u For now maybe you can record a headache as well and show the results to your doctor- migraines have very specific symptoms so that maybe a way to differentiate? Feel free to email us at contact@healint.com at any time!
Hi Terri, we are working on including a time stamp for medication taken- you should be able to see it soon! How else can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thank you for your feedback Kyle. I would love to know the improvements you would like to see in the app. Feel free to contact me directly at Jenny@healint.com to share your suggestions. Jenny
Glad that Migraine Buddy is helping you Joanne! I see we lost one star in the rating- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Hi Sarah, thanks for the review! You can always start a migraine on the app when you feel it coming on, tap bother me later and fill it out later. That way you will be reminded you have a migraine running. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us to improve much faster! Thanks :)
Thank you for your support Crystal. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Dawn, we are looking into your suggestion! Would you like to give us some more feedback on what you would like to see? send us an email at contact@healint.com
Thank you for your support, Michele. What can I do to grab the missing star then? Jenny
Thanks Tarnya. The dark mode has been implemented on the IOS version of the app as a trial. The plan is to make it available on the Android one later.  Jenny
Dear Akia, sorry for the confusion! Could you please write in to me at jenny@healint.com to give me more details on what you found confusing? It would help us improve the app and make it less confusing for future users. Thank you for your help!
Thanks Laura! However we see we missed one star, how can we improve to get it back? 
Hi E, we are working on your suggestion and would love to hear more from you! Feel free to send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further! Thanks.
Hi Elaine, we are working on some variations of the app icon, if there is good response from it we will change to a new one! Thanks so much for your suggestion :) - Jenny
Hi Sue,  Great to know you find our app useful for you! :-) Could you let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? A 5-star rating is necessary for us to stand out in the App Store in order to reach out and help more migrainers. If you have any suggestions, we would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com
Thank you, the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank You Daniel! An export function will be available very soon within the app, however,if you will be visiting your doctor soon you send an email to contact@healint.com to ask for a listing of your migraine entries. The app is currently not designed for tablets, however, if you have a sim card, it can work. Take care!
Dear Sam, great to hear that you approve of our app. A 4 star review indicates minor problems with the app. Perfect reviews are really important in supporting the team so please let me know the problem(s) you've faced at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! I'm sure we would be able to make this a 5 star experience for you =)
Thank you for your support Tina. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need assistance with the app. Jenny
Hi Chandra,  Thank you for your suggestion. A medication tracker is definitely one of the ideas that we will look into in the future. Right now, we are prioritizing the development of other more urgently requested feature e.g. tracking pain intensity. If you have any other suggestions, please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com
Hi Tammy, could you please email me at jenny@healint.com. I will look into this immediately for you. Thanks for your patience!
Thanks Nicole! how can we earn the missing one star back? We'd love to hear from you! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app faster and faster. Thanks so much :)
Hi Shannon, you can add this as a manual entry under the 'symptoms' tab and it will appear on subsequent migraine records. Hope this helps! Your 5-star reviews would really help us to improve the functionality of the app for our users. :) - Jenny
Thank you so much for the lovely review Kristin!
Dear Kate, we would advise placing the phone on a flat surface so that the sleep detection can be more accurate. If my suggestion helped to fix your issue, please support us by updating this review as perfect ratings are extremely important in supporting the development of the app. :) Thank you!
Glad you like the app Chantel! I see we missed one star in the rating. How can we improve Migraine Buddy to make it a 5 star app for you? Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com with your ideas :)
Hi Nikcy, Thanks so much for your review! Sorry to hear about your son's migraines. You can for now record his pain location in the notes section which can be found in the summary screen. We are also looking into a daily tracker for medication. I'd love to hear your thoughts on it. Email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!!
Dear Jan, It is great to hear that the pre-set questions are helping you. (you can also skip some if you wish). And feel free to add more information in the Notes, I am sure you have more to record. You can see the coming function here: http://goo.gl/8psS1O Your requests requires more votes. I will send you some links to good period trackers.  
Hi Janis, Thanks for your review! Do let us know how we can improve the app and refine it further for you. You can share your comments with me at jenny@healint.com. We'd love to win that missing star back!
Hi Andy, thanks for your review! I'd love to hear what you had in mind regarding reminders. We are looking into some features like that and it would be great to get your feedback. You can email me at jenny@healint.com Thanks!
Hi Catherine,  Great to know that Migraine Buddy has been useful for you. Would you be able to let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? 5 star reviews are important to support the development of new features for the app so please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Dear Tracey, 4 stars usually indicate small problems =( Could you help us understand what is the problem so we can try to fix it for you? Perfect reviews will help us move much faster in developing new features for the app. I hope to hear back from you at jenny@healint.com
Thank you Britt. The fifth stars would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Diana, Supporting users to track changes in triggers for longer migraines is something which the team is still working on. For now, I would recommend using the "My Notes" section as a place for you to log the changes in pain level, weather, medication etc. If you need further assistance, please let us know at jenny@healint.com
Hi Tracy, thanks for your suggestions! We are working on including your suggestions in the app and you should see them soon! 
Thanks for the review Tanya! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Maria! Thank you for your feedback! You'll be happy to know that the app does not take up much space on your device as all data are stored in the server. Kindly send me an email at jenny@healint.com if you have further queries. =)
We wish to find out how we can better help you and earn the fifth star. Please contact me at jenny@healint.com to let me know! Jenny
Thank you Chantalle for this feedback! For the sleep detection, have you set up your phone as the main device? To do it, please go to your sleep records (My Journal &gt; Sleep tab), swipe down on the screen and activate the option "Set this device as my main sleep tracking device"! If it doesn't work, please contact me at jenny@healint.com :-)
Thank you Natalie. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Alecia, you can identify possible food triggers using "My Triggers" (bottom left icon on the home screen). Add and track all the different types of food you eat daily. When you have a migraine, your  recently eaten food will be highlighted when you are asked to choose your triggers. Do help us update your review if this solves your problem!
Thank you Stacy! It would be great to know the reason for the removed star- 5 stars helps us to go much faster. Your support and review will help us improve the app much faster. Thanks very much :) You can email me at jenny@healint.com.
Thank you! The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Thank you for your feedback Jackie. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com if you need any kind of assistance with the app. Jenny
Hi Busisiwe, thanks very much for your review! Could you send me an email at jenny@healint.com so I can help you with the sleep diary. For adding extra medication and triggers, you can simply tap Add new on those screens! Your support and 5 stars can help us improve much faster! Thanks :)
Hi Karla, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars and you'd like to change a few things. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Deb, Thanks for your review!! How can we improve it to make the app a 5 star one for you? feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com.I'd love to hear from you!
Thank you so much Hazel!
Hi Jaz, thanks for your review! How can we make the app a 5-star app for you? You can email me your suggestions jenny@healint.com and I would love to discuss with you ^^ - Jenny
Thank you for the review, Mary! We're glad you've found the app useful to track symptoms/treatments so far. Please reach out to us at jenny@healint.com and we'd be glad to answer any questions you might have regarding the reports and hopefully earn that 5th star :)
Tack så mycket Jodi!
Thanks very much Laced. Glad to hear your like the app especially the sleep feature- you are right, recording broken sleep is important and we are working on improving the sleep diary! You can easily add weather is a trigger by tapping add new on the trigger screen. 
Hi Cheryl, thanks for your feedback. Every migraine or sleep entry you make can be modified at any time.Go to the migraine calendar and tap on the migraine you wish to modify. You will be taken to the summary page. Please email me for more questions about this as well as the sleep diary. I'd love to help you out. email: jenny@healint.com.Thanks!
Dear Shay, we're glad you found the app complete for monitoring your migraines. ^^ As 4 stars are for apps with minor problems, would you be able to let me know what we can do to earn the missing star? Perfect reviews are really important in supporting the development of the app! I hope to hear from you soon at jenny@healint.com
Thank you Shelley. Hope the app will help you better understand your migraines. Jenny
Hi Fallon, you can record your meals in the notes section which is in the sleep section of My Records. You can also time stamp these notes!
Thanks so much Julian! Glad you like the app! How can we improve it to make it a 5 star one for you? I'd love to know how we can earn the one star back- you can email me at jenny@healint.com. 5 stars helps us to improve the app faster! Thank you :)
Thanks for your feedback and suggestions Elaine! We are glad to hear that Migraine Buddy has been able to support you through your migraines. We hope it continues to do so! Wishing you well, Saulat
Dear Catherine, can you contact me at Jenny@healint.com? I will solve that with you in no time. If you just updated the app and had many records, it may be that you need to wait 30s for the synchronisation and check of data. with the addition of the weather information we had to rethink how the data is stored on the phone.
Thank you Kerry. Let me know what i can do to grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Dear Ash, we usually record it in the "notes" at the end. It allows to describe with more flexibility.
Thanks so much Lydia!
Dear Nicki, I fully understand, I also wished it could already do all that. You can vote for ideas similar to yours on our forum: goo.gl/IGRBQW and add your comments in it. As you can see most are started. Actually removing a star does not make us go program faster, rather the opposite as we also manage to do more with more users. (ˆ_ˆ) Jenny
Thanks so much for supporting us! We are happy the app is helping :)
Thank you Cynthia. Can i do anything to grab the missing star back? :-) Jenny
Thank you Angela! I see we lost one star in the rating. How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? Share your thoughts with us: contact@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Diana, Supporting users to track changes in triggers for longer migraines is something which the team is still working on. For now, I would recommend using the "My Notes" section as a place for you to log the changes in pain level, weather, medication etc. If you need further assistance, please let us know at jenny@healint.com
Thank you very much Susan!
Thank you Shannon. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Ruxandra, can you email me at jenny@healint.com so we can look into your sleep diary. It is potentially if it is rooted. Thanks so much for the review and for your patience!
Hi Heidi, thanks for your review. We are working on changing pain level intensity at the moment. If you would like to know more, please email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve even faster. Thanks!
Hi Kim, thanks so much for your review! We are glad you find the app useful. If you have any suggestions on what we can do to make the app worthy of 5 stars, drop me an email at jenny@healint.com. :) - Jenny
Dear Janne, Thank you for your feedback! Can you contact me at Francois@healint.com?  I have migraines myself, but I would like to understand what needs to be adjusted to record headaches too? (sometimes I record light headaches... becoming migraines).  it would be great to hear from you! Franocis
Hi Cherry, sorry to hear that. Best would be to contact me directly at jenny@healint.com with your suggestions to improve the app design. On the other hand 5* would encourage and support our team who already created "a very good app". :-)  Looking forward to hearing from you.  Jenny
Thank you Tammy. What can i do to grab the fifth star ? :-) Jenny
Thank you Cynthia. Can i do anything to grab the missing star back? :-) Jenny
Dear Gina, glad to know you find the app helpful! The selection in what doesn't work is based on the meds or reliefs you have tried for that migraine. What does not work for Migraine #1 may work for Migraine #2 so there is no "add" option for that screen. If this answers your question, please help us by updating the review. Thank you!
Thank you for your support Diane. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Kristoffer, We'd love to hear more about your comment. Which prompts would you want to remove? Please send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further. We look forward to your feedback.
Hi Amber, thanks for your review! We hope the app is useful for both you and your daughter. Do you have any suggestions on how we can improve the app? Let me know at jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Thank you!. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Thank you Claire. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks for the update Key! Maybe can you contact me at jenny@healint.com. I would like to see if adjusting the usual sleep time would help and understand your specific case. Your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app faster! Thank you so much
Thanks Sarah, that feature is most requested here: http://goo.gl/XcIJM7 and we are looking into it. For now, maybe you can try using the notes section? We will keep you updated on this idea!
Dear Jon, the team is slowly working on transiting the app into a darker theme to make it easier to use the app when you're having a migraine. When this get rolled out and you find that it has helped you, I hope you can help us by updating this review. Thank you!
Thanks so much Bethany!
Hi Heather, Thank you for giving Migraine Buddy a try :-) We hope you could update your review when you feel the app has helped you figured out your triggers. It would mean a lot to us if we could earn a perfect review from you. If you have any suggestions on how we can improve, please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com
Hi Diana, Supporting users to track changes in triggers for longer migraines is something which the team is still working on. For now, I would recommend using the "My Notes" section as a place for you to log the changes in pain level, weather, medication etc. If you need further assistance, please let us know at jenny@healint.com
Thank you and welcome to the Migraine Buddy community. The fifth star would encourage our hardworking developers who make this free app the perfect tool for  migraines sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thanks for your review Katie! Could you send us an email at contact@healint.com to look into the sleep tracker for you? Thanks!
Dear Melissa, could I check if you encountered any issue with the app? 4 star reviews usually for app with minor bugs and we do want to help ensure everyone has a perfect experience with the app. Could you please let me know more about the issues you've faced at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to help you troubleshoot it for you? Thank you!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Ray, thanks very much for  your review and we really appreciate your feedback. We are glad that the app helps, and want to know how we can earn that extra star! We are happy to answer any specific questions you have about Migraine Buddy's functionalities; please let us know how we can help! You can always reach us at jenny@healint.com.
Dear Bonnie, Thank you for taking the time to write this comment. the button feedback in the app gives you access to the place for suggestions (http://goo.gl/8psS1O) and no worry, your requests are already high on the list. A 5/5 here would not make become lazy (*^_^*) actually, the higher the average rating the more motivated we are.
Thank you Jessica for your review. Could I check if you faced any problems with the app? 4 star ratings are usually for apps with problems. &gt;.&lt; If you face a problem, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I may help you fix it and earn back the missing star. Thank you for our help!
Thank you! You can choose to record a migraine, headache, hangover... in the attack type section. Also note that you can customize most screens with your needs. Hope this will help enough to grab the missing star :-) Jenny
Thank you for your feedback. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back. :-) Jenny
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Thanks so much for your review Tate! :) - Jenny
Thanks for choosing Migraine Buddy Tammy! We hope it can help you better manage your migraines. Do come back and tell us what you think- 5 stars is very helpful for us in improving the app faster. You can also email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much :)
Hi Jen, As we discussed you can send your reports to your doctor for free using the Export feature in the main menu of the app. Jenny
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our hardworking developers to make this free app the perfect tool for  migraines sufferers. Jenny
Hi Prakirti, The first two ideas can be found here: http://goo.gl/cSfIyn we would like to know more about how you would want to track the changes in intensity. After V.8.4, the email export should be working fine- we will look into it for you from our end! Anything else we can do to get 5/5 stars? 5 stars encourages us to keep improving faster!
Thanks Nicole! We'd love to know how we can make it a 5 star app for you-how do you think we can improve? You can email me at jenny@healint.com  with your ideas. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thank you :)
Thank you Wendy! I see we missed one star- how can we improve to make Migraine Buddy a 5 star app for you?
Thank you. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Dear Ash, we usually record it in the "notes" at the end. It allows to describe with more flexibility.
Hi Debra, thanks very much for your review! Please do come back and let us know what you think of the app- we'd love to get the one star back as 5 stars helps us to improve the app faster for you. Thanks :)
Thank you Melissa! Glad you found Migraine Buddy useful in finding triggers. How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you??
Thank you Melisa! I see we missed one star in the rating. Is there some way we can improve to earn the missing star back? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve much faster so I'd love to hear your thoughts! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
Thanks Hayley. You can email me at jenny@healint.com to let me know what tweaks you think must be made. We'd love to know how we can earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thank you :)
Hey there, thank you for giving Migraine Buddy a try :) Could you advise what issues you've faced in the app so I understand how we may improve this app to a 5 star experience for you? 4 star reviews are usually for apps with minor bugs. I would love to hear from you again at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! :)
Dear Melissa, could I check if you encountered any issue with the app? 4 star reviews usually for app with minor bugs and we do want to help ensure everyone has a perfect experience with the app. Could you please let me know more about the issues you've faced at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to help you troubleshoot it for you? Thank you!
Dear Nicole, Thank you for taking the time to write here. I see that you would like to get more from the app. This is possible and still totally free of charge, the first thing to do is to go into the suggestion forum (reachable from the left pane of the app), and votes for ideas similar to yours. Hope to get that star back for the team. Jenny
Thank you for your support Tina. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need assistance with the app. Jenny
Hi Kait, you can actually remove this category through your profile page by unclicking the "do you want to be asked questions about your menstruations" box. Hope you will find this answer useful enough for me to get the missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Louise, Thanks for your feedback! Please visit http://migrainebuddy.uservoice.com to leave us suggestions or vote for ideas that appeal to you the most. We look forward to hearing from you! Kind Regards, Saulat
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi P.J, thanks for your feedback! Yes we are working on several different features to improve the app for you- many new updates have also arrived with the latest version. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve even faster! For your battery concern, please send me an email and I will help you out: jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Hi Elissa,thanks for your review! We are working on including a pain level tracker. This is a complex feature and we are working hard on testing it before implementing. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app! Thanks very much :)
Glad the app could help identify your triggers Kristy! How can it be made a 5 star app for you? We'd love to hear more feedback
Thank you Patrick! Do you mind sharing with me more at jenny@healint.com about the specifications you'd want to see on Migraine Buddy? It'll be helpful for me to understand your needs and I can raise it to the team for discussion.
Hi there, we're glad the app helped you! ^^ Did you encounter a problem with the app? 4 stars are for apps with minor problems. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Briana, thanks for your review! This is easy, there is an option to change your sleep timing! Could you email me at jenny@healint.com and I will help you with this :) - Jenny
Hi Todd, you can use the attack type section to track some postdrome and aura. You can even customize this section and add a "migraine with aura" or Migraine with postdrome"attack that you can comment in the note section of the migraine record. You can also filter your report by attack type then. Hope this helps.Jenny
Hi Brittany, thank you for your support. Please contact me at jenny@healint.com and I will assist you in getting back the automatic sleep record. Meanwhile the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Richelle, thanks for supporting us! I hope you like the new additions we've included in the app. Do give it a try and let us know your feedback at jenny@healint.com! I look forward to hearing from you! =D
Thank you for your feedback Kerri. The sleep detection can be deactivated through the menu of the app if you wish to. There is no way to record it manually. Jenny
Thank you Jodi, you can record any change during a migraine in the note section of the migraine record. This section also contain a timestamp to be more precise on when the change occurs. Jenny
Thank you! The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine suferers. Jenny
Hi D, thanks for your review! If you have any feedback or suggestions on how we can make it a 5-star app for you, please discuss with me at jenny@healint.com, we would love to hear from you :) thanks for your support with Migraine Buddy!! Jenny
Dear Scott, could you help me understand which reminders you are referring to and what you have in mind when you say "update"? Please do share your thoughts with me at jenny@healint.com so I can accurately pass on your feedback to the team. Thank you for your help!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Nakita, you are able to track this manually in notes section, and there's timestamps for you to mention 10 am or 1 pm. If you need further assistance, I will be glad to help, just email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much for your review! :) - Jenny
Thank you Maria. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks so much James! How can we improve Migraine Buddy to make it a 5 star app for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. I'd love to hear from you! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! 
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you for your support! 4 stars rating are for apps with minor problems. If you are facing problems, could you please drop me an email at jenny@healint.com to let me know more so I can fix it and make it a 5 star experience for you? Thank you!
Dear Tonya, the good news is that you can change to Fahrenheit, just go into the Settings and change to "imperial" measures. For the location this depends from your phone's GPS but you can also adjust manually. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if needing more help. It would be great to give back the removed star too ;)
Thank you Richard. Anything I can do to grab the fifth star? :-) Jenny
Dear Monica, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what we can do to make the app a 5 star experience for you? Your support is important to us, [lease let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you so much for the lovely review Kristin!
Hi Katrina! You can indeed add them. In “attack type” press the "+" icon titled "Add new" and add whatever you want. You can specify the duration in minutes. Later, you can show it to your doctor. Please contact me at jenny@healint.com and let me know how I can further help you and earn the missing stars. Jenny
Thanks Phil! We are looking into including pain intensity in the app. We'd love to hear your thoughts on it as well- feel free to email us at contact@healint.com
Thank you for your feedback. The fifth stars would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks for giving Migraine Buddy a chance to help you Amy! We would love to hear your feedback and see how we can make is 5 star app for you.
Hi Dawn, thanks so much for your review! This is a good idea and we are actually looking into it right now! We'd love to discuss it further with you- feel free to email us at contact@healint.com. Thanks!
Thank you. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would help me grab the missing star back. Jenny
Thank you for your support Subha, I would bring back the suggestion to our developers. Please also contact me at jenny@healint.com and let me know how I can further assist you and earn the missing stars. Jenny
Glad the app can help with making migraine tracking easier for you! You can now use the new notes section in the sleep diary to record details outside of a migraine ( not just for sleep). Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster. Thank you :)
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you for your support. You can add a pregnancy button in the daily tracker or directly in the trigger page. Hope this will be enough to grab the missing star :-) Jenny
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you for your kind review, Kylie! You're absolutely right! In fact, a variation of pain intensity is one of the most requested addition. While we try to make that a reality, you can update your pain level in the Notes section of the migraine record, using the time stamp located at the top right-hand corner of the screen. =)
Dear Christine, We considered this possibility but many Android phones do have occasional bugs when using the SD cards. It can create a security problem or a loss of data. Those data are very important for you, and unique. We will only do it as soon as we confirm that Android became reliable on that! Francois
Thanks Malini! Can you write to us at contact@healint.com to tell us which period tracker you use? We are looking into syncing Migraine Buddy with other apps. And yes, you are right, Periods can have a tricky relation with migraines. Did you record yourself as a woman in the app? It will then ask you questions about your periods too.
Thank you Jodi! It would be great to know how we can earn th emissing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! I would love to hear from yoU! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thanks a lot for your feedback Tonya. Your idea is a very popular one! You can find it here: http://goo.gl/jrUVAS this a complex function and we would love to get some feedback on it from you! In the meantime, how else can we make the app a 5 star one for you? 5 stars encourages us a lot and helps us improve faster!
Hi Benjamin, Thank you for your recomendation! We are launching a new update soon to increase the speed of launching and saving within the app. Please help us to update your review if you feel that the update has fixed the slowness for you.  If you have other suggestions for us, please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ Can you share with me more on what you mean by logging in your sleep feelings at jenny@healint.com? I'm very interested to know your idea! Thanks! =D
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for Migraine Sufferers! :-) Jenny
Thanks Nicole! We'd love to know how we can make it a 5 star app for you-how do you think we can improve? You can email me at jenny@healint.com  with your ideas. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thank you :)
Thank you for detailed feedback! I would definitely love to learn more about the specific challenges faced by those with continuous migraines. If you are willing to discuss this further, please contact me at jenny@healint.com as the team is interested to hear more and think about how we may be able to support your needs. Thank you!
Thank you Leah.  Anything I can do to grab the missing star? :-) Jenny
Thank you Jennine. You can add as medication as you wish to in the app. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance. Jenny
Thank you so much Kendra! It would be great to know how we can improve the app to earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thank you! We are actually working hard to keep every feature needed by migraine sufferers totally free. The external reports you refer to are tailor made for users with special needs. Our goal is to make those free when they will no more require manual work. Jenny
Hi Dawn,  The app relies on the phone's sensors for sleep detection. You could try placing the phone closer to you when you sleep to get more accurate sleep times. In addition, you can go to "Settings" and scroll to "Sleep Settings" and input your usual sleep time so the app can guess better. Please help us by updating the review if these helped!
Thank you Joann. The fifth stars would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you very much Sara!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ Which part of the triggers are you facing difficulty? Would you like to send me an email at jenny@healint.com so we can explore more? I look forward to your email! Thanks! =D
Thank you James. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will improve the app and help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Kristi!  How can we make it a 5 star app for you? we;d love to hear your feedback!
Dear Ken, yes, the e-mail listing export is a "sure bet", simple and accepted by every doctor. Feel free to contact me Francois(at)healint.com to discuss reports! NB: We do prioritise based on votes in the forum (link [feedback] in the app or here: http://goo.gl/8psS1O). Else we would be developing only for people removing stars (ˆ_ˆ)  
Hi Prakirti, The first two ideas can be found here: http://goo.gl/cSfIyn we would like to know more about how you would want to track the changes in intensity. After V.8.4, the email export should be working fine- we will look into it for you from our end! Anything else we can do to get 5/5 stars? 5 stars encourages us to keep improving faster!
Hi Sandra, I'm glad you like certain features! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars, which usually indicates minor errors. Are you facing an issue at the moment? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! =)
Hi Theresa,  Thank you for your kind words! ^^ Would you have any suggestions for us on how we can improve to get a 5 stars rating from you? 5 stars reviews are extremely important in supporting the development of the app so please drop us a note at Jenny@healint.com if you have any suggestions for us. Thank you!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Bevan, we are working on  weather tracking and you should be able to see it soon!
Thanks so much Amanda! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us to keep improving the app faster and faster! Thank you :)
Hi Elizabeth, you can add this under the sleep tab (morning & night notes) or in the new update in 16.6. Please email me jenny@healint.com and I will help you :) thanks for your review! - Jenny
Dear Janne, Thank you for your feedback! Can you contact me at Francois@healint.com?  I have migraines myself, but I would like to understand what needs to be adjusted to record headaches too? (sometimes I record light headaches... becoming migraines).  it would be great to hear from you! Franocis
Dear Tina, have you set your phone as the main device for sleep tracking? You will have to swipe down on the "Sleep Records" screen and enable it as the main device. if you are still facing problems or need more help, please reach out to me at jenny@healint.com. I'm sure we can make sleep tracking work for you again ^^
Thank you Amanda. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Brittany, thank you for your support. Please contact me at jenny@healint.com and I will assist you in getting back the automatic sleep record. Meanwhile the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thanks so much Marcia! We are so glad you like the app! I see we missed one star in the rating- I'd love to hear how we can improve for you?do you have some suggestions to make it a 5 star app? you can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much!
Thanks so much for your feedback and rating - how could we impress you more so that we can grab the missing start back? Jenny :)
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you for your kind words Adriana. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you for your review. So why only 4 stars? :-) Jenny
Hi Kathy, Thanks so much for your review! We are actually working on a daily tracker- would you like to help us test it out? You can email me at jenny@healint.com and we can discuss further :)
Thanks for your review, Candice! Is there anything you particularly like or dislike about our app? You can email me for discussion jenny@healint.com, we always welcome user feedback :) - Jenny
Thanks Andi, How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com to share your thoughts! Thanks :)
Thank you Starla.The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Thank you for your comment Bethany. You can add any additional information regarding the migraine in the note section of the migraine record. You can also use the timestamp button on the top right corner of the note section. The fifth star would encourage our developers who work hard to develop the perfect free app for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Fallon, you can record your meals in the notes section which is in the sleep section of My Records. You can also time stamp these notes!
Hi Maureen, Great to know that Migraine Buddy is working well for you :-) As there are a lot of migraine meds out there, we are only able to populate our default listing of meds with the most commonly prescribed ones. If you have other thoughts on how we can earn the missing star, please let us know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! :-)
Dear Em, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what we can do to make the app a 5 star experience for you? Your support is important to us! Please let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Libby, thanks so much! We are actually working on a pain variation feature and are testing prototypes. This is a complex feature and hence we would like to test it well before implementing. Your support and 5 stars will help us to get there faster. We will keep you updated. Thanks so much!
Thank you for your support Kerry. Could you let me know what we can do to make this an experience worthy of 5 stars from you? The missing star means a lot to the team. Do let me know what we can do/change to earn the missing star at jenny@healint.com. =) Thank you!
Hi Heidi, thanks for your review. We are working on changing pain level intensity at the moment. If you would like to know more, please email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve even faster. Thanks!
We are glad to hear that you find Migraine Buddy helpful :) Thanks for your support
Hi Lynsey, You can use the note section of the migraine report to record any change during a migraine. You can even use the time stamp to record the exact time of the change. Hope this is enough to grab the missing star back :-)- Jenny
Thanks Christina! Could you let us know how we can make it a 5 star app for you? You can drop me an email at jenny@healint.com with your suggestions. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Have a nice day :)
Hi, You can add your changes in the Notes section of the migraine record. To organise your information better you can use the timestamp in the top right corner of this section. Hope this will help you better track your migraines and me grab the missing star back. Jenny
Hi Amy! I'm so glad to hear that it is helpful for you in your treatment. If there's anything we can do to make it a 5-star app for you, let me know via email at jenny@healint.com, I'd love to hear from you :) thanks so much for your review, the team really appreciates it. Jenny
Hi Gemma Louise! Thank you for sharing this with us. Thanks to users comments and suggestions like this, we are constantly  improving the application to make users experience better and better. Please feel free to share other suggestions with me at Jenny@healint.com! Jenny
Thank you Kimberly, You can contact me any time if having questions, suggestions and more. In the meantime it would be great not to remove 1 star from our rating yet (ˆ_ˆ), it reduces our average rating. (of course you can change the rating at anytime if you were not satisfied with our efforts) Jenny@healint.com
Thank you Lisa. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you wish to participate in a food tracking test being done at the moment. Jenny
Thank you Anita. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you Ken!! How can we improve Migraine Buddy to make it a 5 star app for you? 
Thank you Alesha. The fifth star would encourage our team developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Bazilla! I see that you removed a star, feel free to contact me francois@healint.com to solve the problem you may have faced. And make everything be a 5/5 for you. Francois
Thank you Cindy, that's right! I also get those cases when I am not too sure if I sure record but in case of doubt would like to record as very small or non-painful. Just to be sure, is the removed star due to that? or due to a problem your faced? Francois
Thanks for your review Carrie! Glad the app is helping you. It would be great to know how we can get the missing one star back! 5 stars helps us to improve the app faster. Did you feel disappointed with the app some how? feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thank you Robert What can I do to grab the 5th star then ? :-) Jenny
Hi Tab, I'm glad to hear that! If you have any suggestions on how we can improve the app, feel free to drop me an email at jenny@healint.com! I will be glad to discuss with you. Thanks so much for your review :) Jenny
Dear Samantha, Can you contact me at support@healint.com? I would like to investigate on that problem as soon as possible. Jenny
Dear Jenn, could you let me know what issues you've faced so I can help? 4 stars reviews are usually for apps with minor bugs. Let me know again at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it and troubleshoot for you. Thank you!
Thank you Allen. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers! :-) Jenny
Dear Navneet, common food triggers are already listed in the triggers section and the Daily Tracker tab. Is there something which you think we have missed? Please let me know at jenny@healint.com. I'll be happy to discuss this further ^^
Hi janel, thanks for your review! You can add your own symptoms and relief methods by tapping add new on the screen- add as many as you like and you can delete as well! Is there any other way we can make the app a 5 star one for you? 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! Thanks so much :)
Thank you Meri! How can we improve the app for you to make it a 5 star one?
Thank you Robert What can I do to grab the 5th star then ? :-) Jenny
Thanks Rosa! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thanks for your review Kim! Your suggestions are great and we are actually working on them at the moment! We'd love to hear your feedback on these features we are developing. You can email me at jenny@healint.com if you would like to discuss further. Thanks!
Hi Madi!  Great to know that Migraine Buddy has helped you in communicating with the doctors. Is there anything we can improve on to make this a 5 star experience for you? The missing star is important to support the development of new features for the app so please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks Victoria :) A fifth star would encourage our developers even more :) Jenny
Thank you so much Ashley! Glad the app is helping you! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app you ? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thanks so much :)
Thank you for your support Diane. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Bezalel, you may add aura position in the notes of the summary section and it will appear in your export listing :) if you need further assistance with this, I will be glad to help you. Email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much for your review! - Jenny
Thank you for your support Abdullah. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks Syikin! I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com with your ideas! I'd love to hear your thoughts :)
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for Migraine Sufferers! :-) Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you like the app! ^^ You can note the variation of pain in your migraine with the "Notes" field. There's even a timestamp function in the top right corner of the Notes screen. If my suggestion has helped, please help us update this review. If not, please contact me at jenny@healint.com so I may understand your needs better ^^
Thank you Pearl for this feedback! But based on your note it seems that there is something in the app that you don't like, is it right? :-) If yes, could you please contact me at jenny@healint.com? We could discuss deeper about it and find a solution! Otherwise, if everything is fine, you can also update your note! :-) Thank a lot!
Hi Cecilia, Thanks for the review! I see we were one star short of 5 stars- did you feel disappointed by the app in anyway? You can email me at jenny@healint.com to discuss further. Your support and 5 stars will surely help us improve the app faster! Thank you :)
Thanks Rubit :) What can we do to be better than great and get a fifth star? Jenny :)
Thank you so much! We have added a notes section which can be found in the My Records section of the app ( sleep section) You can track your food intake there! We hope to keep improving the app! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster!
Hi Liz, thanks for your review! We are looking into tracking the progression of the migraine. This is a complex feature and we are testing prototypes at the moment. We will keep you updated on this. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! THanks :)
Thank you very much renee! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thanks Christine! I am sure it will help. We always get great feedbacks from Neurologists. But you removed a star. It lowers the average rating, which, I suppose is because you faced a problem. Can you contact me at jenny@healint.com for us to understand and correct the problem? All the best! Jenny
Hi Tami, thanks for the suggestion! We are looking into this at the moment and would love some feedback from you. Could you send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further.
Thank you Courtney :) The 5th star would encourage our team of hard-working developers to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers
Dear Catherine, thank you for the feedback; we are glad you are finding the app useful so far! We strive for perfection and would love to understand how we can improve further to help you reach your goals. Please contact us at jenny@healint.com to let us know how we can do better and earn that missing star:) Wishing you a migraine-free week ahead!
Hi Libby, thanks so much! We are actually working on a pain variation feature and are testing prototypes. This is a complex feature and hence we would like to test it well before implementing. Your support and 5 stars will help us to get there faster. We will keep you updated. Thanks so much!
Hello Laura, and thank you for the feedback! Right now, logging preventative medications is possible in the notes section. Please let us know how we can earn that extra star. Feel free to email me any time at jenny@healint.com and I would be happy to answer answer any questions you have:)
Thank you for your support Brendon. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you Ray :) The 5th star would encourage our team of hard-working developers to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers
Thanks for your review Dominique! So glad to hear that the app has helped you with managing your migraines! Currently, we are working on the weather triggers that correspond with migraines. Looking forward to your 5-star review once the update has been confirmed ;) Have a nice day!
Thank you Rachel. What can I do to grab the missing star then ? :-) Jenny
You are welcome Cris :) Thank you for your kind words! Glad that you find the app friendly. May I know what improvement we can do to better help you and earn the missing star? Jenny
Dear Natasha, thanks for the review.  We still never lost any data, I am pretty confident we will find what is happening. Can you contact me at Jenny@healint.com ?
Hi Branden, you can track Auras through the attack type section. In there you can add an Aura attack and comment it as you would for a migraine. Hope this will help enough to grab the fifth star :-) otherewise feel free to contact me directly at Jenny@healint.com .  Jenny :-)
Dear A.L. Thank you for your feedback. 3 stars is a very low rating, and therefore I understand that you are extremely unhappy. I would like to understand your concerns related to privacy, can you contact me on francois@healint.com? I am myself using it, with support to research activated. Francois Healint's CEO and co-founder 
Thanks very much Lisa! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thanks Sarah! Did you face problems? I see that you removed a star, which reduces our average rating.  Maybe do you wish to contact me at Jenny@healint.com to discuss how we can correct the problem you faced and generated disappointment? We want to provide a perfect product before adding more functions! Jenny@healint.com
Thank you Kianna! We are glad you like the app! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks Nicole! how can we earn the missing one star back? We'd love to hear from you! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app faster and faster. Thanks so much :)
Hi Aimee, thanks very much for your review!Could you send me an email about the sleep diary at jenny@healint.com? I will help you out right away. Usually, it will be about making a few adjustments which can help the diary work more accurately! In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us to improve the app much faster! Thank you :)
Dear Genea, I'm glad to hear that you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you so much Sarah!
Hi D, thanks a lot for your review and great suggestion! We are working on this at the moment and you can see the the idea and it's progress here: http://goo.gl/jRuoNW. You can vote and comment here! In the meantime, 4 stars slows us down a little. Your support in helping us improve faster is much appreciated! Thanks :)
Thanks so much Sharon! How can we earn the missing one star back? We's love to know because with your support and 5 stars we will be able to improve much faster! Thanks for your support :)
Hi James, not sure i understand what you mean but feel free to share your concerns with me at Jenny@healint.com. Jenny
Thank you Sandra! I see we missed one star- do you have any feedback on how we can improve to make it a 5 star app for you? 
Thanks so much Nicole! We are counting on you to come back and tell us if Migraine Buddy is a 5 star app! If you have any questions, get in touch: jenny@healint.com - we are always happy to help out!!
Thanks so much Denise! So glad the app is helping you, however, it would be great to know how we can win the one missing star back. It would be great to hear your ideas as 5 star really helps us improve faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com- thanks so much :)
Thanks Heloise! How can we improve for you? please to email us at contact@healint.com-we'd love to hear more!
Thank you for your kind words Charlotte. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thanks for your lovely review Amy! We are so happy to hear that Migraine Buddy has been helping you manage your migraines! We hope it continues like this and we would love to keep in touch with you for further exchange. Wishing you well! 
Thank you for your support Shanni. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers.:-) Jenny
Thank you Emily. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Dear Lisa, thank you for your review! 4 star reviews are for apps with minor problems, would you be able to let me know what we can do to earn the missing star? Perfect reviews are really important in supporting the development of the app! I hope to hear from you soon at jenny@healint.com
Hi Dawn, thanks so much for your review! This is a good idea and we are actually looking into it right now! We'd love to discuss it further with you- feel free to email us at contact@healint.com. Thanks!
Hi Melissa, Great to know that we have helped to simplify migraine-tracking for you. :) A 5 star review is important to us and will help a lot in supporting the development of new features for the app. Could you let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? Please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com
Hi Ginnifer, thanks for sending us an email with regards to this. We will reply your email soon. =)
Thank you Christina. Our goal is to deliver a 5* service to our users. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back. :-) Jenny
Hi Kathy, Thanks so much for your review! We are actually working on a daily tracker- would you like to help us test it out? You can email me at jenny@healint.com and we can discuss further :)
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ Can you share with me more at jenny@healint.com how adding notes in the Daily Tracker will be useful for you? I would love to hear your opinion. Thank you!
Thanks so much Amanda! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us to keep improving the app faster and faster! Thank you :)
Hi Terri, thanks for your review and suggestion! You can easily skip the screens which don't apply to you- you can confirm a migraine without making an entry on each and every scree. Is that what you had in mind? Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to discuss further with you! THanks!
[Edit: We are adjusting the date picker]  We'll look into getting it changed because we too feel that the interaction could be improved. Do help us by updating this rating whenever you feel comfortable! Perfect ratings would help us to go much faster. If you have more suggestions, you can email me at jenny@healint.com
Thanks Adrian! How can we improve it to get the missing one star back? I'd love to hear your ideas- my email is jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster and also encourages our team. Thank you :)
Thanks very much Amanda! How can we make it a 5 star app for you?? We look forward to your feedback!
Hi Amanda, thanks for your review! Glad you found Migraine Buddy. We are actually working on changes in pain intensity and if you would like to know more about it, feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. your support and 5 stars from you will help us improve the app faster! Thanks very much!
Thank you Chantalle for this feedback! For the sleep detection, have you set up your phone as the main device? To do it, please go to your sleep records (My Journal &gt; Sleep tab), swipe down on the screen and activate the option "Set this device as my main sleep tracking device"! If it doesn't work, please contact me at jenny@healint.com :-)
Thanks so much Christina!!
Thank you :) Which enhanced Buddy would be worth 5-star for you? ;) Jenny
Thank you Apeksha! We are glad that Migraine Buddy is able to help you. Wishing you well, Saulat
Thank you very much for the review Christa!
Thank you! You can get back your sleep record by folllowing the steps shown in this video https://youtu.be/WbvaSj1tjZk . The samsung bug can be fixed  by following those steps https://youtu.be/k-hf8MyBnbE Hope these will help me grab the missing star :-) Jenny
Thank you MJ. How can i assist you for me to get the 5th star? :-) Jenny
Thank you Katherine. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers! :-) Jenny
Thank you Nicole. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need assistance with the app. Jenny
Hi Busisiwe, thanks very much for your review! Could you send me an email at jenny@healint.com so I can help you with the sleep diary. For adding extra medication and triggers, you can simply tap Add new on those screens! Your support and 5 stars can help us improve much faster! Thanks :)
Thanks so much Amanda! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us to keep improving the app faster and faster! Thank you :)
Thank you! The fifth star would encouarge our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers!! :-) Jenny
We really appreciate your feedback, Alan. Migraine Buddy is able to help you record your postdrome as an attack type on "attack types" screen and record the related items just as a migraine. Hope this can help us to earn the fifth star. Jenny
Thanks so much Betsy! Glad you are liking the app!
Hi Glen,  Great to know that Migraine Buddy has helped you identify a trigger ^^ How can we improve for a 5 star review? The missing star really means a lot to us and the development of new features for the app. Please let us know at jenny@healint.com
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you for your feedback. Please contact me directly at Jenny@healint.com if you need assistance with the app. This might help me grab the missing star! :-) Jenny
Dear Kira, thank you for your suggestion. To track blood pressure, you could add it in Triggers screen: less than 120 BP, 120-139 BP, 140-159 BP and more than 160 BP. This helps you see if your BP level has any relationship with your migraines. If this helps, do help us by updating your review. Do email me at jenny@healint.com if you need more help
Thank you. How can i help you to grab back the missing star? :-) Jenny
Thanks for your feedback Natasha! Currently we are looking into adding food triggers. :)
Dear Joy, thank you for your feedback! Could you elaborate more on what you mean a better file extract option? Currently, it exports as a html file with your migraine record in table format. Are you hoping for an excel download or something else? Please let me know more at jenny@healint.com.
Hi Phil, thanks for your review! Glad to hear the app can help you track. Can you email me at jenny@healint.com with your location? In the meantime, your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app even further! Thanks :)
Thank you for your support Veronica. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Tack så mycket Jodi!
Hi Steve, thanks for your review :) once you have used it for some time, do update your review if it is worthy of 5 stars! If not, you can email your suggestions to jenny@healint.com - Jenny
Hi Stephanie, yes you are right, in order to match Android 9 new settings the only way is to keep the sleep tracking notification on all night. It desappears in the morning so. This is unfortunately the only way to have the sleep tracker work with Android 9, not something we added intentionaly. Hope this clarifies enough to get the missing star?:-)
Great to hear the app is helping Lauren! I see we missed one star in the rating, is there anyway we can improve to make it a 5 star one for you? I'd love to hear from you- feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks :)
Thanks Frank! What are your suggestions for improvements? We'd love to hear from you- feel free to email us at contact@healint.com. We look forward to hearing from you!
Dear Judy, I am very sad to read this. You know you can simply contact us by writing an e-mail to support@healint.com We are here to help! Jenny
Hi Megan, glad to hear you think the app will help your doctor!! May I know how we can earn the missing star back? Were you disappointed with the app in anyway? 5 stars helps improve the app much faster and is super encouraging for our team. Thank you!!
Dear Ken, yes, the e-mail listing export is a "sure bet", simple and accepted by every doctor. Feel free to contact me Francois(at)healint.com to discuss reports! NB: We do prioritise based on votes in the forum (link [feedback] in the app or here: http://goo.gl/8psS1O). Else we would be developing only for people removing stars (ˆ_ˆ)  
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Kristoffer, We'd love to hear more about your comment. Which prompts would you want to remove? Please send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further. We look forward to your feedback.
Hi Sarah, we are glad you find the app useful! If you have suggestions on how to make it a 5-star app for you, please leave me an email at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much for your review :) - Jenny
Hi Logan, thanks so much for your review! We are looking into the suggestions you have made and infact the recording medication time and dosage will come soon. We will keep you updated on this end. How else can we improve the app for you to make a 5 star one?
Thank you very much Susan!
Hi viv,the permissions required are for the purpose of synchronising your data so that it is safe and retrievable even in the case of the loss of your phone. We are working on improving the exported reports- which format would you like to see? What would you like to customize in the graphs? you can email at contact@healint.com. Thanks!
Thank you Alli. The fifth stars would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Diana, Supporting users to track changes in triggers for longer migraines is something which the team is still working on. For now, I would recommend using the "My Notes" section as a place for you to log the changes in pain level, weather, medication etc. If you need further assistance, please let us know at jenny@healint.com
Thank you Katherine. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers! :-) Jenny
Thank You Daniel! An export function will be available very soon within the app, however,if you will be visiting your doctor soon you send an email to contact@healint.com to ask for a listing of your migraine entries. The app is currently not designed for tablets, however, if you have a sim card, it can work. Take care!
Hi Zachariah, the best way to track this as a potential trigger in Migraine Buddy is to add a button in your daily tracker list as "missed adhd medication". Hope this will help enough to grab the 5th star :-) Jenny
Welcome to the Migraine Buddy community! Hope the app will help you enough for us to grab the fifth star :-) Jenny
Hi Aimee, thanks very much for your review!Could you send me an email about the sleep diary at jenny@healint.com? I will help you out right away. Usually, it will be about making a few adjustments which can help the diary work more accurately! In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us to improve the app much faster! Thank you :)
Hi Maite, how can we make it a 5-star app for you? If you have suggestions, please drop me an email at jenny@healint.com, thank you :) - Jenny
Thanks Brian! May we know how we can improve the app for you to get 5/5 stars?
Thank you Shelley. Hope the app will help you better understand your migraines. Jenny
Thank you very much renee! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Hi T, thanks for your review! The bother me later button in the app allows you to skip questions you don't wish to answer. You can simply enter the time and intensity then tap bother me later which will allow you to come back and enter whatever else you want to from the summary screen later.  Email me at jenny@healint.com for more info! :)
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Ronnie,, thank you for your support. The dark mode is already available in the Buddies page, we are implementing this step by step. Hope this will help me grab the missing star. Jenny
Thank you Richard. Anything I can do to grab the fifth star? :-) Jenny
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you Catherine! Glad you like the app. I see we have one star missing from the rating- did you encounter some disappointment related to the app? How can we earn one star back? 5 stars really encourages us to improve faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com with your comments. I'd love to hear from you. Thanks a lot!
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to constantly improve and deliver a great app for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Glad you like the app Chantel! I see we missed one star in the rating. How can we improve Migraine Buddy to make it a 5 star app for you? Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com with your ideas :)
Thank you Alli. The fifth stars would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Great to hear you and your doctor like the app Valerie! I see we lost one star in the rating- how can we improve the app for you to make is a 5 star one? Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com! I look forward to hearing from you! Thank you!! :)
Thanks for your feedback Christine. It would be great to know how we can improve the app for you. You can go through some suggestions by other Migraine Buddy users and post your own here: http://goo.gl/hXYXuX . We work hard on updating the app based on feedback from this forum. Your feedback will surely help us improve faster!
We are glad to hear that you find Migraine Buddy helpful :) Thanks for your support
Dear Tammy, we're glad to hear the app has made tracking easier for you. Could I check if you encountered any issue with the app? 4 star reviews usually for app with minor bugs and we do take user experience seriously. Could you write to me at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to help you troubleshoot it for you? Thank you!
Thank you. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back :-). Jenny
Thanks so much Zoe! The sleep diary uses its own algorithm to detect your sleep based on your movement. It would be great to know how we can improve the app to earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thank you. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Amy! How can we earn the missing one star back? It would be great to hear your ideas! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Hi Courtney, yes we are looking into including an additional tracker for food at the moment. You can see this idea here: http://bit.ly/1P8hfJH. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app faster. Thanks :)
Thank you Emily. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thanks for your review, Tracy! We are glad to hear it's useful for you. I hope you can contact me at jenny@healint.com so we can discuss how we can make it a 5-star app. We want to make our users happy ^^ Jenny
Thank you ! Feel free to contact me directly at jenny@healint.com with suggestions that will improve the app and help me grab the missing star :-) Jenny
Thanks Julie! We are looking into including more pain locations and will keep you updated!
Dear Aemery, do help us by updating this review when you feel more comfortable with the app. Do let us know as well at jenny@healint.com if you've faced bugs in the app as 4 stars are usually reserved for apps with minor bugs. Please let me know so I can get the team to look into it and prevent the same thing from happening with other users. :)
Hi Mary, you can easily export your report by going to the drop down menu and choosing export. You can then email the report to your self or your doctor. Please email us at contact@healint.com if you need any help with this. Thanks for your review :)
Thank you Jolen! We are working on your suggestions at the moment and you should be able to see them soon in the app! 
Dear Brianna, thank you for your review! We're glad you liked it so far. Please help us by updating this review whenever you feel more comfortable with the app. 5 stars reviews would really help the team a lot and let us move faster with the app. If you have any thoughts/suggestions, I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you very much Susan!
Hi Leah! Great to hear that you find our app very helpful and simple to track. Could I check what caused the 4-star? 4 stars usually indicates minor problems with the app and we would love to fix it to get a perfect rating from you. Perfect ratings would really support the development of the app. Please let me know at jenny@healint.com.
Thank you Kerry! Glad you are liking the app and it is helping you! We are working on a testing prototypes for changes in pain intensity. If you want ot know more, please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster! Thank you :)
Thanks so much Marcia! We are so glad you like the app! I see we missed one star in the rating- I'd love to hear how we can improve for you?do you have some suggestions to make it a 5 star app? you can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much!
Thank you! Feel free to contact me directly at Jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance with the app. I'll be delighted to help and guide you through the sleep record feature. Jenny
Hi Jen, As we discussed you can send your reports to your doctor for free using the Export feature in the main menu of the app. Jenny
Thanks gemma! Glad you like the new updates!
Thanks! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks :)
Hi Dorothy! Glad to know you're liking your initial experience of the app. Do help us by updating this rating whenever you feel comfortable! Perfect ratings would help us to go much faster. Your support and review means a lot to the team. Thanks very much :) If you have any questions, you can let me know at jenny@healint.com.
Thanks TK. We would love to know what you think could be added in the app to make it a 5 star one. Please send us an email at contact@healint.com- we look forward to hearing your ideas! 
Thank you for your comment Rachel. We are working on improving the chats at the moment. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thanks for your review Paula! Glad you like the app. We are working on the ability to change pain intensity levels. You can see the progress of this idea here: http://goo.gl/k3cAe8. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com as well! :)
Dear Tonya, the good news is that you can change to Fahrenheit, just go into the Settings and change to "imperial" measures. For the location this depends from your phone's GPS but you can also adjust manually. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if needing more help. It would be great to give back the removed star too ;)
Hi Lisa, thanks so much for your review! Could you let us know how we can make the app from good to great? :) You can direct your suggestions to me at jenny@healint.com - Jenny
Thank you for your support. What could i do to get the missing star back then ? :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Angela! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thank you Alice. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Leah! Great to hear that you find our app very helpful and simple to track. Could I check what caused the 4-star? 4 stars usually indicates minor problems with the app and we would love to fix it to get a perfect rating from you. Perfect ratings would really support the development of the app. Please let me know at jenny@healint.com.
Hey Lisa, yes, you can add sleep manually. Just go to My Records and tap on to "Sleep" tab, then tap on the "+" icon to manually create your sleep entry. If that helped, please help us out and update your review. Else, do drop me an email at jenny@healint.com so I could help you walk through it :)
Thank you for your comment Rachel. We are working on improving the chats at the moment. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thanks so much Kalene! I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?  Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster. Thanks so much :)
Hi Corrie, thanks for your review! I hope you can contact me at jenny@healint.com so we can discuss how we can make it a 5-star app for you. We want to make our users happy ^^ Jenny
Hi Cheryl, thanks for your feedback. Every migraine or sleep entry you make can be modified at any time.Go to the migraine calendar and tap on the migraine you wish to modify. You will be taken to the summary page. Please email me for more questions about this as well as the sleep diary. I'd love to help you out. email: jenny@healint.com.Thanks!
Thank you. What can i do for you to gain the 5th star ? :-) Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Meri! How can we improve the app for you to make it a 5 star one?
Hi Beth, thanks for your review! If you like the app after a few more days, do help us out by increasing your rating ;) Otherwise you can offer me feedback on how we can improve by emailing me jenny@healint.com. - Jenny
Thanks so much LeTrese! Glad to hear the app is helping you. I see we missed one star in the rating. How can we make it a 5 star app for you? Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster :)
Thank you for choosing Migraine Buddy, Debbie. At Migraine Buddy, we listen to feedback to make the app serve you better. What improvement do you think is needed so that we can earn the last star? Drop me a mail at jenny@healint.com to let me know! :) Jenny
Hi Demetria,  Your data is backed up in our servers so it is a bug if you are unable to retrieve your data. Perhaps you signed in with a different email account? Please drop us an email at jenny@healint.com so we can look into this further for you. Thank you!
Hi Catherine,  Great to know that Migraine Buddy has been useful for you. Would you be able to let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? 5 star reviews are important to support the development of new features for the app so please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Corinna. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Jeff, Thanks for your feed back!  For most people it uses a maximum of 4% battery. May I know much battery the app is using on your phone currently? Kindly check your email as well! Kind Regards, Saulat   
Dear Kerstin, if you would like to keep track of how long your aura lasts, you can write that down in the "Notes" section of your migraine. If my suggestions do not solve your needs, could you drop me a note at jenny@healint.com to help me understand what you mean by "record the days you had aura symptoms"? Thank you!
Thank you Yvonne. Our goal is to deliver a 5* service to our users. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks Bambie!
Thank you for your support Mia. Glad to hear your migraines are under control. Did Migraine Buddy help you in any way to fix your migraines ? Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Bree, thanks for your review! I'm glad to hear that the app is helping you in managing your migraines. Is there anything we can do to make it a 5-star app for you? Let me know at jenny@healint.com and we can discuss :) Jenny
Hi Saverin, glad the app can help you! Can you send me an email at jenny@healint.com to discuss the chat room you suggested? In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us to improve the app much faster. Thanks!
Thanks Victoria :) A fifth star would encourage our developers even more :) Jenny
Thank you for your support. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Denise! So glad the app is helping you, however, it would be great to know how we can win the one missing star back. It would be great to hear your ideas as 5 star really helps us improve faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com- thanks so much :)
Hi E, we are working on your suggestion and would love to hear more from you! Feel free to send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further! Thanks.
Hi Rochelle, we are working on a time stamp for medication- you will be able to see this feature soon! Do you have any other ideas to make the app a 5 star one? I'd love to hear from you- you can email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support ( and 5 stars!) will help us improve faster! Thank you so much :)
Thank you Jessica for your review. Could I check if you faced any problems with the app? 4 star ratings are usually for apps with problems. &gt;.&lt; If you face a problem, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I may help you fix it and earn back the missing star. Thank you for our help!
Claire, You can actually add as many triggers as you wish, remove, reorganize and search triggers most common to others too. I hope it helps and if so, it would be great to give the missing star back the star to our hard-working engineer to encourage them! Contact me if anything at Jenny@healint.com
Thank you Ken!! How can we improve Migraine Buddy to make it a 5 star app for you? 
Thank you for your support. Feel free to contact me directly at jenny@healint.com for improvements that will help me grab the missing star. :-) Jenny
Thank you Pel. We try to constantly improve the app features and look. Feel free to send me some suggestions at Jenny@healint.com  This will hopefully help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks so much for the awesome review Shelly :)
Hi Myra, we are working on prototypes at the moment to record medication times. Would you like to help test? In the meantime, your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app faster. Thanks so much :)
Thank you so much Sarah!
Dear JoAnna,  Yes you can do that! You could track the food groups in "My Triggers" section. It is in the bottom left corner of the home screen. It functions as a daily tracker of the things that happen to you. You can add new items to track. Once you tracked it in "My Triggers", food you've eaten before the onset of a migraine will be highlighted
Dear Sougat,  We are sorry to hear about your disappointment. We limited access to the app because we are worried that some people would misuse it. Until we release a lite version that is less restricted, we will be happy to offer you an early user access code. Please send an email to contact@healint.com to get it.  Best Regards, Ali
Thank you Andrei. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks very much Willow! How can we improve for you to make Migraine Buddy a 5 star app?
Thanks for the review and suggestion!! We'd love to hear more- can you send us an email at contact@healint.com? In the meantime, how else can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Hi Diane, thanks for your review! We are glad you like the sleep detection feature! Could you clarify by what you mean by works better? Is it faster, more stable, less bugs, etc? Please discuss with me at jenny@healint.com! We would love to earn that 1 star back ^^ Jenny
Thank you so much! We have added a notes section which can be found in the My Records section of the app ( sleep section) You can track your food intake there! We hope to keep improving the app! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster!
Hi Dhanisa! Thank you for your feedback and sorry for the inconvenience. Can you write to me at jenny@healint.com so I can assist you further? I look forward to your email. Thank you! =)
Thank you Ben. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you Patrick! Do you mind sharing with me more at jenny@healint.com about the specifications you'd want to see on Migraine Buddy? It'll be helpful for me to understand your needs and I can raise it to the team for discussion.
Thanks so much for supporting us !
Thank you for your feedback Michelle. Our goal is to deliver a 5* service to our users so feel free to come back to me directly at Jenny@healint.com if you want to discuss further on your suggestion to improve the app and grab back the missing star :-) Jenny
Thank you Starla.The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Thanks Lori! Could you send me an email so we can discuss how you would like to modify the modification screen? My email me jenny@healint.com. 5 stars helps us in improving much faster! Thank you :)
Great to hear the app is helping! How can we improve to make it a 5 star one for you Melissa? 5 stars helps us improve faster and your support really encourages the team! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks a lot :)
Hi Ray, thanks very much for  your review and we really appreciate your feedback. We are glad that the app helps, and want to know how we can earn that extra star! We are happy to answer any specific questions you have about Migraine Buddy's functionalities; please let us know how we can help! You can always reach us at jenny@healint.com.
Hi, You can add your changes in the Notes section of the migraine record. To organise your information better you can use the timestamp in the top right corner of this section. Hope this will help you better track your migraines and me grab the missing star back. Jenny
Hi Phil, thanks for your review! Glad to hear the app can help you track. Can you email me at jenny@healint.com with your location? In the meantime, your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app even further! Thanks :)
Thank you! The fifth star would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you so much Ashley! Glad the app is helping you! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app you ? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thanks so much :)
Hi Gavin. thanks for the review- can you email us at contact@healint.com so we can look into this problem for you?
Thanks Jackie! Could you tell us what else could we offer so that Migraine Buddy becomes a 5 star app? Drop me an email at jenny@healint.com, your suggestions and feedback will help up in continually improving the app for our users :)
Dear Kelly, we have been working hard on rectifying this speed problem. I just received the latest Beta of the update, and the app will be even faster than before. Can you wait at least 1 week more? We are being careful and have added 1 more test cycle to be sure to correct everything. Jenny@healint.com
Thanks for your review Nicole! We hope that the app can help you in managing your migraines. If you have any suggestions on how we can improve the input interface, drop me an email at jenny@healint.com. :) - Jenny
Thanks Dustin! Do come back and let us know how we can earn the missing one star back- we'd love to hear from you! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app faster!
Thank you Deborah. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks so much Terri! Happy to hear the app is helping! I would love to know how we can earn the missing one star back- 5 stars helps us to improve much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks :)
Thank you Sandra! I see we missed one star- do you have any feedback on how we can improve to make it a 5 star app for you? 
Dear Syed, thank you for your feedback. I understand why you could expect that.  We are not authorised in doing prescriptions, and even if we were, I would still recommend to visit a good doctor, or even better, a neurologist.  Would it be possible to discuss about your needs via e-mail? maybe can we do more in your country? (francois@healint.com)
Wow, thanks for making our day with this awesome review Alicia! We are so glad you like the app and it is helping you. Thanks for supporting us :)
Dear Nicole, Thank you for taking the time to write here. I see that you would like to get more from the app. This is possible and still totally free of charge, the first thing to do is to go into the suggestion forum (reachable from the left pane of the app), and votes for ideas similar to yours. Hope to get that star back for the team. Jenny
Thank you for your feedback. I would love to know more about what you are expecting in term of preventatives medication. Feel free to come back to me directly at jenny@healint.com with further description of your expectations.  Wishing you a great holiday season. Jenny
Dear Mitchell, could you let me know what issues you've faced so I can help? 4 stars reviews are usually for apps with minor bugs and I'm sure the team would be able to help as long as we know what the issue is. Let me know again at jenny@healint.com Thank you!
Thank you Kay. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free application the perfect tool for people with migraine. :-) Jenny
Dear Milena, Can you contact me at Jenny@healint.com? I will help you with that!!! I am sure we can solve the problem very fast. Cheers, Jenny
Thank you! The fifth star would encouarge our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers!! :-) Jenny
Hi Lena, thanks for your comment :) As we thrive to deliver a 5-star service to our users, what can we do to deserve a 5-star rating from you? Please feel free to let me know at jenny@healint.com Jenny
Hi Libby, thanks so much! We are actually working on a pain variation feature and are testing prototypes. This is a complex feature and hence we would like to test it well before implementing. Your support and 5 stars will help us to get there faster. We will keep you updated. Thanks so much!
Thank you Hilary. You can indeed add any information you want including any changes happening during a migraine in the Note section of the migraine record. This section also has a timestamp that will help you know exactly when the change has occurred. Hope this will help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you Sharon! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? I'd love to hear your thoughts. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. 5 stars really helps us improve. Thank you :)
Thanks Leslie! We are working on including changes in pain intensity. For now, have you tried to record this information in the notes section? We will keep you updated!
Hi Simone,  Great to know you like the app ^^ You can track the changes in the pain intensity by using the notes section of the migraine. It has a time stamp option which helps you log the pain level at a given time. The team is currently working on a prototype to see how we can help users track the changes in pain intensity in a more elegant way.
Thanks Felicia! I see we were one star short of 5 stars- is there any disappointment you faced with the app? Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. I'd love to hear from you! Your support and 5 stars would help us improve faster and faster :)
Thank you Kiri. Feel free to customize the app with your needs. You add/remove items on most pages. Hope this will help me grab the missing star back. :-) Jenny
Hi Janice, thanks for your review! Could you send us an email at contact@healint.com so we can help you with the battery issues. The app uses about 3-5% on most phones however we can investigate further for you. Thanks a lot!
Thanks for your review Nicole! We hope that the app can help you in managing your migraines. If you have any suggestions on how we can improve the input interface, drop me an email at jenny@healint.com. :) - Jenny
Dear Megan, we would definitely recommend tracking these details in the "Notes" section of your migraine records. :) Could you also share with me the bugs you've faced while using the app? 4 stars are usually for apps with minor bugs. If you could let me know the issues at jenny@healint.com, I could get the team to help you troubleshoot. Thank you!
Thank you Sylvia. What can I do to grab the missing star then? :-) Jenny
Hi Diana, thanks for your review! If there is anything we can improve on the app to make it a 5-star app, please drop me an email at jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Hi Michele, thanks for the review! We are actually looking into your suggestions of removing and adding categories. You can find the idea here and vote for it: http://goo.gl/DEZyN0 We work very hard to improve the app based on user feedback. 5 stars from our users and helps us improve faster! Would love to see 5 stars from you too! :) 
Thank you Kelsey! What would make you like it so much that you would give it a fifth star? Jenny
Thank you for your kind words Meagan. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Rebecca, Thanks for your kind words! We would love to hear more from you and will be in touch. Kind Regards, Saulat
Thank you Siobhan. The fifth stars would encourage our developers to work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks TK. We would love to know what you think could be added in the app to make it a 5 star one. Please send us an email at contact@healint.com- we look forward to hearing your ideas! 
Dear Bonnie, Thank you for taking the time to write this comment. the button feedback in the app gives you access to the place for suggestions (http://goo.gl/8psS1O) and no worry, your requests are already high on the list. A 5/5 here would not make become lazy (*^_^*) actually, the higher the average rating the more motivated we are.
Hi Jolize, please contact me directly at jenny@healint.com and I will assist you getting back the notifications. Jenny
Hi jes, We are so glad the app is helping you and your treating team. I'd love to hear how we can improve it for you- I see you found it fiddly and would like to discuss that further to see how we can improve that for you. You can email me at jenny@healint.com and we can discuss further. Thanks so much!!
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our developers who work hard to make this app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you for your feedback. Please contact me directly at Jenny@healint.com if you need assistance with the app. This might help me grab the missing star! :-) Jenny
Thank you Sara. The fifth star would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Dear Tara, you can download the Migraine Impact Report in the Budddy section. Hope this will help. Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks for your feedback and suggestions Elaine! We are glad to hear that Migraine Buddy has been able to support you through your migraines. We hope it continues to do so! Wishing you well, Saulat
Obrigada Denise. A quinta estrela incentivaria nossa equipe de desenvolvedores que trabalham duro para tornar este aplicativo gratuito a ferramenta perfeita para quem sofre de enxaqueca. Jenny :-)
We really appreciate your feedback, Alan. Migraine Buddy is able to help you record your postdrome as an attack type on "attack types" screen and record the related items just as a migraine. Hope this can help us to earn the fifth star. Jenny
Thank you very much Alicia!!
Hi Sandra, I'm glad you like certain features! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars, which usually indicates minor errors. Are you facing an issue at the moment? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! =)
Hi Diana,  Great to know that you found Migraine Buddy useful. Would you be able to let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? (^^) 5 star reviews are extremely important to support the development of new features for the app. Please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Heather. Anything I can do to grab the fifth star ? :-) Jenny
Hi Gavin. thanks for the review- can you email us at contact@healint.com so we can look into this problem for you?
Thanks very much for your review Jason! usually the app doesn't respond when the internet connection is very slow. Could you double check your connection- please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com to discuss further. i'd love to help out with this issue! Thanks :)
Dear Gina, glad to know you find the app helpful! The selection in what doesn't work is based on the meds or reliefs you have tried for that migraine. What does not work for Migraine #1 may work for Migraine #2 so there is no "add" option for that screen. If this answers your question, please help us by updating the review. Thank you!
Thanks for the review! I see we lost one star in the rating- is there anyway we can improve the app to make it a 5 star app for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com to discuss- I'd love to hear from you :)
Thank you Christina. Our goal is to deliver a 5* service to our users. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back. :-) Jenny
Thanks you so much Eileen! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Dear Hillary, thank you for the suggestion! Do you mean you would like a .xls export with one column for each field? We're definitely looking into how we can improve the exports. Do write in to me at jenny@healint.com if you're able to provide some samples of what you mean! P.S. Do help us by updating this to a 5-star whenever you feel comfortable!
Thanks simon! How can we earn the missing star back? Did you feel disappointed with the app in anyway? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. I'd love to hear your thoughts. Your support and 5 stars will help us go even faster in improvement :)
Hi Tracy, thanks for your suggestions! We are working on including your suggestions in the app and you should see them soon! 
Thank you for the love Allyson!!
Hi Rachelle, thank you for your support. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need assistance with the app. I'd be delighted to help you. Jenny
Thanks very much Hunny :) A fifth star would actually encourage our developers very much in keeping up with the hard work of improving the app further :) Jenny
Hi Annie, thanks so much for your feedback! Do come back to tell us how you liked the app- we'd love to earn the missing one star back as it really helps us grow faster. Thanks and look forward to hearing from you! :)
Thank you Kimberly. You can alsways use the note section of the migraine record to add any additional information you wish to. In the note section you have a timestamp that can also help track any change in your migraine or medication taken. Jenny
Tack så mycket Jodi!
Thanks so much Angela! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thank you for your kind words Aleisha. The app doesn't support the picture format yet. A fifth star would encourage our team of developers who are working hard to make this app as accurate as possible for users. :-)Jenny
Thanks! How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks :)
Thank you Tess! But based on your note it seems that there is 'already' something in the app that you don't like. Could you please send me an email at jenny@healint.com? We could discuss deeper about it and find a solution! It could help to improve the app! Otherwise, if everything is fine, you can also update your note! :-) Thank a lot!
Hi Lydia,  You can track pain variation by using the "Notes" section of your migraine record. There is a timestamp function on the top right hand corner of the notes section to allow you to quickly log the current time and you can write about your pain level at that point in time. Please help us by updating this review if this solves your need!
Thank you for your feedback. I would love to hear more about the further details you would like to put in the app. Please contact me at jenny@healint.com and i will share with you some ways to customize the app and insert notes. Hope this will help to grab the fifth star back :-) Jenny
Hi James, not sure i understand what you mean but feel free to share your concerns with me at Jenny@healint.com. Jenny
Hi Diana, thanks for your review! If there is anything we can improve on the app to make it a 5-star app, please drop me an email at jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Thanks so much for supporting us !
Thanks for your review Carrie! Glad the app is helping you. It would be great to know how we can get the missing one star back! 5 stars helps us to improve the app faster. Did you feel disappointed with the app some how? feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Dear Navneet, common food triggers are already listed in the triggers section and the Daily Tracker tab. Is there something which you think we have missed? Please let me know at jenny@healint.com. I'll be happy to discuss this further ^^
Thanks Christina! Could you let us know how we can make it a 5 star app for you? You can drop me an email at jenny@healint.com with your suggestions. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Have a nice day :)
Thank you for your suggestion, we are constantly working on improving the app. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Great to hear the app can help you Kristin! Thanks for supporting us!
Thanks so much Roberta! We would love to know how we can make is 5 star app for you! 
Thank you. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com to share your feedback on the app and give suggestions to improve it. This might help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi there, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what we can do to make the app a 5 star experience for you? Your support is important to us. Please let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Dear Madison, I would love to have a discussion to fully understand the problems you faced with your healthcare provider and try to help. To this date more than 40.000 doctors have used the reports from migraine buddy, and insurers accept those reports as medical documentation. I am pretty confident I can help. Jenny@healint.com
Thank you Amy, The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks for your review Paula! Glad you like the app. We are working on the ability to change pain intensity levels. You can see the progress of this idea here: http://goo.gl/k3cAe8. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com as well! :)
Hi Sabrina, glad to hear the  app is helping you and your doc! Thanks so much for your review! It would be great if you could share how we can make this a 5 star app for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve much faster :)
Thanks for updating your review, Cyndi! Your support means so much to the team! Do you have further suggestions on how we can make it a 5-star app for you? jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Thanks Marion! I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thanks Erica! Glad the app could help you! I'd love to hear how we can make it a 5 star app for you- 5 stars helps us improve even faster! Your support and feedback will be much appreciated. Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
Dear MaryLynn, could you check your phone settings to see if your language is set as English(US)? Then log out, uninstall then reinstall and log in again and check if this solves your problem? ^^ If this helps, please help us by updating this review. Thank you! If you need more details, you can reach out to me at jenny@healint.com
Thank you Rose!
Thanks very much Jemma! We are glad you like the app! I see we missed one star in the review- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Hi Christopher. The sticky 'active sleep detection' notification during the time of the day/night that you set up for sleep detection. This is a compatibility requirement fro Android Oreo and Pie. It does not alter anything to the sleep detection quality and does not use more battery  power either. This notification cannot be removed. Jenny
Hi Diana,  Great to know that you found Migraine Buddy useful. Would you be able to let us know what we can do to earn the missing star? (^^) 5 star reviews are extremely important to support the development of new features for the app. Please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Angie,  Thank you for loving the app :) Could you let us know what the app can improve on to earn the missing star? The missing star is really important to speeding up the development of new features for the app. Please let us know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com! Thank you!
Thanks Syikin! I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com with your ideas! I'd love to hear your thoughts :)
Muchas gracias por tu comentario. Nuestros desarrolladores trabajan duro para mantener los 9 idiomas disponibles. Que idioma echas de menos? No te puedo contactar directamente en Google Play, por favor mándame un mensaje a jenny@healint.com Jenny :)
Hi Siobhain, thanks for the review. Glad to hear you are liking the app! How can we make it a 5 star app for you? 5 stars helps us to improve much faster!
Hi Sandi, thanks for your review! We are glad the sleep detection helped you in managing your migraines. If you have suggestions on how we can improve on the app, you can email me jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you like the app! ^^ You can note the variation of pain in your migraine with the "Notes" field. There's even a timestamp function in the top right corner of the Notes screen. If my suggestion has helped, please help us update this review. If not, please contact me at jenny@healint.com so I may understand your needs better ^^
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Prerna, Please feel free to get in touch if you have any questions: jenny@healint.com. We hope the app helps you and that it can be a 5 star one for you! Thanks very much :)
Thank you for your support and kind words Tiny Head. As our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks very much Carissa! yes tracking changes in the migraine is a very popular requested feature and you can view it here: http://goo.gl/k3cAe8 We would love to hear more about your tracking needs- please send us an email at jenny@healint.com so we can discuss further with you! Thanks!
Thank you. What can i do for you to gain the 5th star ? :-) Jenny
Thank you Anita!! How can we earn the missing one star back- did you face any disappointment with the app? Please feel free to email me- I'd love to hear from you. your support and 5 stars will help us improve faster!
Stephanie, thank you for the comment, but I see that a bad rating of 4/5. Personally, when I see an app with 4 or lower as average rating I conclude that this is a bad app.  can you contact me to see how I can help you in solving your problem? francois@healint.com
Hi Arin, thanks for your feedback! In our latest update, we have a new feature called "My Triggers" which allows you to record anything you may wish to track, eg. time of medication, you can try it out and let me know what you think at jenny@healint.com :) - Jenny
Thanks Naomi! I see we were one star short of 5 stars- is there any disappointment you faced with the app? Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. I'd love to hear from you! Your support and 5 stars would help us improve faster and faster :)
Thank you for your kind words Lalli. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi there, we're glad the app helped you! ^^ Did you encounter a problem with the app? 4 stars are for apps with minor problems. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Starla.The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Hi Leah, thanks for your feedback! Could you please email me at jenny@healint.com and I can help you look into the sleep diary issue. Thanks so much for your patience!
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to constantly improve and deliver a great app for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hey there, thank you for giving Migraine Buddy a try :) Could you advise what issues you've faced in the app so I understand how we may improve this app to a 5 star experience for you? 4 star reviews are usually for apps with minor bugs. I would love to hear from you again at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! :)
Thanks Heather! How can we improve to make Migraine Buddy a 5 star app for you?
Thanks very much Chris!
Hi Cassandre, glad you like the app! If you like it even more after continuous use, do give us one more star in your rating! ^^ If not, you can email me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions on how we can improve. - Jenny
Thanks for the review leslie! Great to hear the app is helping you! It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back- you can email me at jenny@healint.com to share feedback! Your support and 5 stars will help us to improve the app much faster. Thank you!! :)
Thank you Katrina! The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thanks Renee! Glad the app could help you track triggers! Did you feel it could be improved? We'd love to know how to earn the one star back- 5 stars helps us to improve the app faster for you. Feel free to send me an email at jenny@healint.com. Thanks :)
Thank you for choosing Migraine Buddy, Debbie. At Migraine Buddy, we listen to feedback to make the app serve you better. What improvement do you think is needed so that we can earn the last star? Drop me a mail at jenny@healint.com to let me know! :) Jenny
Hi Kari, you can use the timestamp button of the note section in the migraine record to add any relevant information about the migraine. Instead of a widget you can start a migraine and then use the "not now'" button to record the details later. Would this help me getting the fifth star ? :-) Jenny
Hi Morgan, this notification is an Android 9 requirements that we cannot remove. It is on only during your regular sleep period recorded in the settings.  Jenny
Thanks so much Michelle! How can we make it a 5 star app for you?
Hi Ruby, please contact me directly at Jenny@healint.com and I will assist you in getting the buddy part to work.  Jenny
Dear Jody, we're glad you found the app easy to use ^^ Did you encounter a problem with the app? 4 stars are for apps with minor problems. Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Ray :) The 5th star would encourage our team of hard-working developers to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers
Thanks Brian! May we know how we can improve the app for you to get 5/5 stars?
Hi Nikcy, Thanks so much for your review! Sorry to hear about your son's migraines. You can for now record his pain location in the notes section which can be found in the summary screen. We are also looking into a daily tracker for medication. I'd love to hear your thoughts on it. Email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!!
Thanks for your review Ashley! I see we missed one star in the rating- is there anyway we can improve to make it a 5 star app for you? I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. 5 stars encourages our team greatly and helps us improve much faster!
Thank you Elizabeth. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you for your support. Is there anything I can do to grab the 5th star :-) ? Jenny
Thanks for your feedback Natasha! Currently we are looking into adding food triggers. :)
Hi Vickie, thanks for the review! You can easily print your reports by going to export in the drop down menu and emailing your report to yourself.
Dear Maureen, if you would like to add new triggers, you could always use the "Add New" functionality at the bottom of the screen to customize your own triggers. If my suggestion helped, please help us by updating your review =) Else, do help me better understand your situation at jenny@healint.com so I can give better suggestions. Thank you!
Hi Meredith, thanks for your great suggestion! Syncing with other apps is a complex process. Currently we are working on syncing with Fitbit and Migraine Pal. If you give us 5-star reviews, it will encourage the team to work faster and better! :) - Jenny
Thank you Cindy! I see we missed one star in the rating- did you miss something in the app or feel any disappointment? Your support and 5 stars would help us improve much faster. You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks
Thanks so much Min! How can we earn the missing one star back? It would be great to hear your ideas! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Thanks Niki. It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Dear Shiri, you can do that! =) You can log it in the same way which you log your usual migraines. Then at the summary screen, there's an "Attack Type" field and you can create a new item for "Suspected Migraine".  Please help us by updating this review if this helped you! Else, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can give more suggestions
Thanks Angie! 
Dear Ken, yes, the e-mail listing export is a "sure bet", simple and accepted by every doctor. Feel free to contact me Francois(at)healint.com to discuss reports! NB: We do prioritise based on votes in the forum (link [feedback] in the app or here: http://goo.gl/8psS1O). Else we would be developing only for people removing stars (ˆ_ˆ)  
Thank you for your feedback Caval! Could I check if you are facing problems with the app? 4 stars rating are for apps with minor problems. If you are facing problems, could you please drop me an email at jenny@healint.com to let me know more so I can fix it and make it a 5 star experience for you? Thank you!
Hi there, thanks for taking the time to leave a review :) Has the app helped you in detecting triggers in your migraines? If you have feedback on how we can improve, you can contact me at jenny@healint.com - Jenny
Thank you! I see we missed one star- how can we improve to make Migraine Buddy a 5 star app for you?
Hi Matthew! You can change the attack type to a tension headache by scrolling to the bottom of a migraine summary and select a tension headache. If you have further queries, please feel free to reach me at jenny@healint.com. =)
Hi Ginnifer, thanks for sending us an email with regards to this. We will reply your email soon. =)
Thanks so much Roberta! We would love to know how we can make is 5 star app for you! 
Hi Sherry, we are glad to hear the app has been helpful for you. We have customized details reports available, you can email me at jenny@healint.com and I will assist you further! Thanks so much for taking the time to leave a review, much appreciated :) - Jenny
Hi Nakita, you are able to track this manually in notes section, and there's timestamps for you to mention 10 am or 1 pm. If you need further assistance, I will be glad to help, just email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much for your review! :) - Jenny
Thank you for your feedback Cathy. Feel free to contact me again at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would improve the app and hopefully help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you Samuel. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Anita. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you for your support, please contact me at jenny@healint.com so we could improve your user experience. Jenny
We wish to find out how we can better help you and earn the fifth star. Please contact me at jenny@healint.com to let me know! Jenny
Thank you so much Maria! Sorry to hear about your migraines- I hope the app keeps helping you find patterns to avoid them. All the best from the Migraine Buddy team!
Thank you Shanda.After recording a few migraines, the app will show you your most frequent trigger  If there is anything we can do to improve your Migraine Buddy experience or if you face any issues in the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it for you.Thank you! Jenny
Thanks for your review Rebecca. Please do let me know how we can improve the app for you, we really wish to catch this missing star back and provide you with a 5 star service :) you can also contact me directly at jenny@healint.com
Hi Saverin, glad the app can help you! Can you send me an email at jenny@healint.com to discuss the chat room you suggested? In the meantime, your support and 5 stars will help us to improve the app much faster. Thanks!
Dear Rebekah, thank you for taking the time to leave us a review =) Please help us by updating this review whenever you feel comfortable. Your support and 5 stars will help us to keep improving the app! I'll be happy to hear your thoughts and suggestions for the app at jenny@healint.com
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ Can you share with me more at jenny@healint.com how adding notes in the Daily Tracker will be useful for you? I would love to hear your opinion. Thank you!
Thanks very much Willow! How can we improve for you to make Migraine Buddy a 5 star app?
Thank you very much Cindy! It would be great to know how we can earn th emissing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! I would love to hear from yoU! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thank you for your feedback Allan. Do not hesitate to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance with the app or for suggestions that would improve the app and help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thanks so much Bethany!
Thank you Tiffany and welcome to the Migraine Buddy community. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to constantly improve and deliver a great app for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Tack så mycket Jodi!
Thank you Kiri. Feel free to customize the app with your needs. You add/remove items on most pages. Hope this will help me grab the missing star back. :-) Jenny
Hi Lilian, Thanks so much for your review! Glad to hear you like the app! How can we improve it to make it a 5 star one for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com if you want to share some ideas- I'd love to hear from you :)
Thank you Paula. Feel  free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would help me grab the missing star back. :-) Jenny
Dear Catherine, can you contact me at Jenny@healint.com? I will solve that with you in no time. If you just updated the app and had many records, it may be that you need to wait 30s for the synchronisation and check of data. with the addition of the weather information we had to rethink how the data is stored on the phone.
Thank you for your support Jennifer. Regarding the food groups, in the daily tracker page, you can add some triggers with your personal needs and customize the app. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com if you have any suggestions that could improve your user experience to a 5 stars grade.
Thank you Lisa! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Hi Alexander, for technical problem the best is to contact me via e-mail at Jenny@healint.com or via chat on our facebook chat (on top of the page: www.facebook.com/migrainebuddy/ ) - Jenny
Hi Demetria,  Your data is backed up in our servers so it is a bug if you are unable to retrieve your data. Perhaps you signed in with a different email account? Please drop us an email at jenny@healint.com so we can look into this further for you. Thank you!
Thank you Khadija! How can we earn the missing one star back to make it a 5 star app for you? Your support and 5 stars helps us improve much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much!
Dear Milena, Can you contact me at Jenny@healint.com? I will help you with that!!! I am sure we can solve the problem very fast. Cheers, Jenny
Dear Shruthi, 4 star reviews are usually for apps with minor bugs. Could you advise what issues you've faced in the app so I understand how we may improve this app to a 5 star experience for you? I would love to hear from you again at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! :)
Thank you Jennifer, you are right. I should have added the Menopause function, my apologies for that. I put it in the list for the next version. (it will come in 1 or 2 months) For the weather, we are working on it, actually it will come fast! Wishing you as few migraines as possible, Francois
Hey there, thank you for giving Migraine Buddy a try :) Could you advise what issues you've faced in the app so I understand how we may improve this app to a 5 star experience for you? 4 star reviews are usually for apps with minor bugs. I would love to hear from you again at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! :)
Thanks so much Angella! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thanks Tara ! It is great to read your feedback! If your records are for a doctor, just put the maximum pain level and let it be 1 migraine record, even over multiple days. You can take some notes too. But we are working on pain variation too, and we feed our team with stars (ˆ_ˆ) it's magic, the more stars, the faster we program new functions! 
THanks very much Fabienne!
Thank you Jason. Anything I can do to grab the fifth star? :-) Jenny
Thank you Damilola. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you for the review, Mary! We're glad you've found the app useful to track symptoms/treatments so far. Please reach out to us at jenny@healint.com and we'd be glad to answer any questions you might have regarding the reports and hopefully earn that 5th star :)
Hi there, you can actually create multiple migraine entries within a day, provided you ended the ongoing migraine record so that you can start a new one. If you have further queries, please feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! =)
Thanks so much Amy! How can we earn the missing one star back? It would be great to hear your ideas! Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Hi Tracy, thanks for your suggestions! We are working on including your suggestions in the app and you should see them soon! 
Thank you Rachel. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you so much for the lovely review Kristin!
Thank you. How can i help you to grab back the missing star? :-) Jenny
Hi Kimberly, Great to know that you found our app helpful to you. May I ask how we can improve so we can get the last star? 5 stars ratings means a lot to us and will help a lot in supporting the development of the app. :) If you have any thoughts or suggestions, please let us know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Tracy, thanks for your suggestions! We are working on including your suggestions in the app and you should see them soon! 
Dear Kimberle, thank you for the review. 4 stars are for apps which have minor problems. Could you let me know what improvements you have in mind in order to make this app a 5 star experience for you? Your support is important to us! Please let me know your thoughts at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi Elizabeth, you can add this under the sleep tab (morning & night notes) or in the new update in 16.6. Please email me jenny@healint.com and I will help you :) thanks for your review! - Jenny
Thank you for your feedback Michelle. Our goal is to deliver a 5* service to our users so feel free to come back to me directly at Jenny@healint.com if you want to discuss further on your suggestion to improve the app and grab back the missing star :-) Jenny
Thanks simon! How can we earn the missing star back? Did you feel disappointed with the app in anyway? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. I'd love to hear your thoughts. Your support and 5 stars will help us go even faster in improvement :)
Thank you for your review Deborah. We're glad you've found the app helpful. 4 stars indicate minor problems with the app. May I know what we can do to we can earn the missing star and make the app even more helpful for you? Please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you, the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Kelly, are you still facing issues? You can try our latest version 1671 and see our latest improvements! :) - Jenny
Thank you Henry. The fifth star would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you for your feedback Andrew. Should you like to further discuss this point, feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com. Also, our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Do not hesitate to send me suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you for your support and kind words Tiny Head. As our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
I see that you are happy with migraine-buddy. This is sad though to see that you removed a star. I feels like a punishment as this is lowering the average rating visible to every new potential users. It slows down the new development. But I will not abandon! If you can contact me to tell what made you reduce our rating? Jenny@healint.com
Thank you Catherine! Glad you like the app. I see we have one star missing from the rating- did you encounter some disappointment related to the app? How can we earn one star back? 5 stars really encourages us to improve faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com with your comments. I'd love to hear from you. Thanks a lot!
Hi Vanessa, thanks for your comment. The new sleep notes section can help you record your food intake.You can record it in the "Today's Notes" outside of a migraine. You can email me at jenny@healint.com to discuss further. 3 stars usually indicates serious issues with the app so I'd love to know how we can get those missing 2 stars back. Thanks:)
Thank you! The fifth star would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Vanessa! Glad to know the app is helping you keep up with your migraines. Please help us by letting us know what we can do to make this a 5-star experience for you. Perfect ratings would help us to go much faster. I look forward to hearing from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Dear Tracey, 4 stars usually indicate small problems =( Could you help us understand what is the problem so we can try to fix it for you? Perfect reviews will help us move much faster in developing new features for the app. I hope to hear back from you at jenny@healint.com
Thanks very much Laced. Glad to hear your like the app especially the sleep feature- you are right, recording broken sleep is important and we are working on improving the sleep diary! You can easily add weather is a trigger by tapping add new on the trigger screen. 
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ Can you share with me more at jenny@healint.com how adding notes in the Daily Tracker will be useful for you? I would love to hear your opinion. Thank you!
Thank you for your feedback! The fifth star will really encourage the team who works hard to provide the best services to migraine sufferers. We would love to know how we can earn that final star! Please contact us at jenny@healint.com to tell us how we can improve! :)  Jenny
Thank you Hailey Jo Kelly. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Dear Manuela, we're glad you found the app easy to use. Did you encounter any bugs with the app? 4 stars reviews are usually indicate minor bugs with the app. If you've faced any issues in the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it for you. Thank you!
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you. The fifth stars would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thanks so much for the review Jacki! So glad to hear the app is helping you! How can we improve the app for you to make it a 5 star one? You can email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd love to hear from you! Your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster!
Thanks for your review, Tracy! We are glad to hear it's useful for you. I hope you can contact me at jenny@healint.com so we can discuss how we can make it a 5-star app. We want to make our users happy ^^ Jenny
Hi Tracy, thanks for your review! If you are facing issues with the app, please email support@healint.com and we will be happy to help you out :) - Jenny
Hi Samantha, Thanks for your feedback! We are working on improving the sleep diary and would love some more feedback from you. Could you send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further. Thanks!
I agree Victoria, there is something strange here. May I suggest to deactivate the sleep detection for now? And maybe contact me at Jenny@healint.com for me to investigate why this is happening?
Hi Swami! Thanks so bringing this to our attention- could you email me at jenny@healint.com and I will look into this problem immediately for you. So sorry for that and thanks for your patience!
Thank you Jolen! We are working on your suggestions at the moment and you should be able to see them soon in the app! 
Hi Kerri, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars, which usually indicates minor errors. Are you facing an issue at the moment? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! =)
Thank you Michael. If there is anything we can do to improve your Migraine Buddy experience or if you've faced any issues in the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it for you. Thank you! Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you like the app! ^^ You can note the variation of pain in your migraine with the "Notes" field. There's even a timestamp function in the top right corner of the Notes screen. If my suggestion has helped, please help us update this review. If not, please contact me at jenny@healint.com so I may understand your needs better ^^
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you! Feel free to contact me directly at Jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance with the app. I'll be delighted to help and guide you through the sleep record feature. Jenny
Hi Kelly, are you still facing issues? You can try our latest version 1671 and see our latest improvements! :) - Jenny
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
Thank you Michael. If there is anything we can do to improve your Migraine Buddy experience or if you've faced any issues in the app, please let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to look into it for you. Thank you! Jenny
Thank you Stacy! It would be great to know the reason for the removed star- 5 stars helps us to go much faster. Your support and review will help us improve the app much faster. Thanks very much :) You can email me at jenny@healint.com.
Thank you Tracy. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com with suggestions that would help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Dear Nigel, "my trigger" section was designed to help with identifying triggers you didn't realise was a problem. So you should use it as your food diary and create items corresponding to your food. After 15+ days of data, you can use the "Catch" feature to see if a trigger is likely or unlikely to have caused migraines!
Hi Bill, The team is currently working on prototyping tracking pain intensity. In the meantime, you make notes about whether it gets worse over time in the notes section of the migraine screen.If you need more help, please feel free to reach out to us at jenny@healint.com.
Happy to see that you are happy Letty. Today is a bad day for us, we never had so many 4 stars in a day. and I see our rating going down It really feels like we are doing something wrong. Can you contact me to explain me what's wrong? I want to get the things right before adding even more functions. Jenny@healint.com
Hi Branden, you can track Auras through the attack type section. In there you can add an Aura attack and comment it as you would for a migraine. Hope this will help enough to grab the fifth star :-) otherewise feel free to contact me directly at Jenny@healint.com .  Jenny :-)
Thanks very much for your review Jason! usually the app doesn't respond when the internet connection is very slow. Could you double check your connection- please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com to discuss further. i'd love to help out with this issue! Thanks :)
Hey Laura, could I check if you encountered any issue with the app? 4 star reviews usually for app with minor bugs and we do pride ourselves on a bug free experience. Could you write to me at jenny@healint.com so I can get the team to help you troubleshoot it for you? Thank you!
Hi Phil, thanks for your review! Glad to hear the app can help you track. Can you email me at jenny@healint.com with your location? In the meantime, your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app even further! Thanks :)
Thanks so much Kalene! I see we missed one star in the rating- how can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?  Your support and 5 stars will help us improve the app much faster. Thanks so much :)
Thanks for your review Kim! Your suggestions are great and we are actually working on them at the moment! We'd love to hear your feedback on these features we are developing. You can email me at jenny@healint.com if you would like to discuss further. Thanks!
Hi Jeff, Thanks for your feed back!  For most people it uses a maximum of 4% battery. May I know much battery the app is using on your phone currently? Kindly check your email as well! Kind Regards, Saulat   
Thank you Claire. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks for your review Katie! Could you send us an email at contact@healint.com to look into the sleep tracker for you? Thanks!
Hi there, thanks so much for your feedback! For times during work, you can just press no and then delete that sleep time. We will work on improving this! You can email your reports to your self by going to the drop down menu and choosing Export. let me know if you have any questions: jenny@healint.com. thanks!
Thank you Melissa! We are working on tracking weather and you should be able to see that soon! We look forward to your updated review then :)
Thank you Kait! The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Kylie, thank you for the feedback, sorry to see that you were disappointed.  I agree, I also would love to be able to record even more during the migraine to be sure to forget nothing. for what I do it that I use the Note sections when I change something compared to usual (different dosage, different type of pain) with a quick figure for a time. 
Thank you for your message. You can use the daily sleep notes to record any non migraine related information. If you need further assistance, don't hesitate to contact me directly at jenny@healint.com Jenny
Thanks very much Sue! May I ask the reason for the removed star? Did you face any disappointment with the app? Your feedback and 5 stars will help us improve the app faster. Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. I'd love to hear from you! Thanks! 
Thanks Leslie! We are working on including changes in pain intensity. For now, have you tried to record this information in the notes section? We will keep you updated!
Thanks for giving Migraine Buddy a chance to help you Amy! We would love to hear your feedback and see how we can make is 5 star app for you.
Dear Milena, Can you contact me at Jenny@healint.com? I will help you with that!!! I am sure we can solve the problem very fast. Cheers, Jenny
Thank you Maggie! Glad the app is helping in communication with your doctor! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you? I'd love to hear your thoughts- email me at jenny@healint.com at any time :) thanks!
Thank you Ken!! How can we improve Migraine Buddy to make it a 5 star app for you? 
Dear Eleonore, do you mind elaborating more on what you mean by "too specific"? Please do drop us an email at jenny@healint.com so I can pass on your feedback to a team.
Thanks so much Priyanka!  Glad to hear the app is helping you. It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star- 5 stars really helps us to improve faster. I'd love to hear from you. you can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thank you Leah.  Anything I can do to grab the missing star? :-) Jenny
Thanks Cory!  It would be great to know how we can make it a 5 star app for you. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Thanks :)
Hi Scarlett, not sure i understand this comment? Jenny
Thank you for your feedback Kerri. The sleep detection can be deactivated through the menu of the app if you wish to. There is no way to record it manually. Jenny
Dear Melissa, thank you for taking the time to leave us a review =) Please help us by updating this review whenever you feel comfortable. Your support and 5 stars will help us to keep improving the app! I'll be happy to hear your thoughts and suggestions for the app at jenny@healint.com
Dear Stephanie, Thank you for taking the time to write here. I see that you would like to get more from the app. This is possible and still totally free of charge, the first thing to do is to go into the suggestion forum (reachable from the left pane of the app), and votes for ideas similar to yours. Hope to get that star back for the team. Jenny
Dear Jon, the team is slowly working on transiting the app into a darker theme to make it easier to use the app when you're having a migraine. When this get rolled out and you find that it has helped you, I hope you can help us by updating this review. Thank you!
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Dear Tonya, the good news is that you can change to Fahrenheit, just go into the Settings and change to "imperial" measures. For the location this depends from your phone's GPS but you can also adjust manually. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com if needing more help. It would be great to give back the removed star too ;)
Thank you very much Richard for your continuous support and most valuable input. This is very encouraging for us to keep on pushing for further Migraine Buddy enhancements. We strive to make the app more and more helpful and deliver a five star service to the users. Please feel free to share more suggestions directly with me at jenny@healint.com
Thanks very much for the review Claire! Glad to hear the app is helping you and your doctor as well. You can record headaches as well as migraines and show the information to your doctor. You can see this idea here: http://goo.gl/bQOxQf. Your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app faster. Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com for help!:)
Hi Kerri, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars, which usually indicates minor errors. Are you facing an issue at the moment? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! =)
Thanks Kelli! How can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Hi Kathryn, thanks for your review. If you have any suggestions on what we can do to make it a 5-star app for you, feel free to discuss with me at jenny@healint.com. :) - Jenny
Hi Alisha, have you been able to detect patterns in your migraines? We hope you were able to manage them better after prolonged use of the app. :) - Jenny
Thank you Patricia! How could we make this a 5 star app for you?
Hi Maite, how can we make it a 5-star app for you? If you have suggestions, please drop me an email at jenny@healint.com, thank you :) - Jenny
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you for your review Deborah. We're glad you've found the app helpful. 4 stars indicate minor problems with the app. May I know what we can do to we can earn the missing star and make the app even more helpful for you? Please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thanks for giving Migraine Buddy a chance to help you Amy! We would love to hear your feedback and see how we can make is 5 star app for you.
Thank you Song Marshall. You can get a daily notification to make sure you login your daily trakcer info everyday. :-) Contact me at Jenny@healint.com if you need assistance.  Would that be enough to grab the missing star for this excellent tracker ? :-) Jenny
Hi Kirsty great to hear you like the app! We hoped to make it thorough so hopefully your reports will give you more insights! I'd love to know how we can earn the missing one star back- did you feel it could be improved in some way? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars helps us grow faster! Thank you :)
Dear Shruthi, 4 star reviews are usually for apps with minor bugs. Could you advise what issues you've faced in the app so I understand how we may improve this app to a 5 star experience for you? I would love to hear from you again at jenny@healint.com. Thank you! :)
Hi Marcelle, you can choose to turn of the notifications if you wish to :-) For each chat group you have 3 vertical points on the right hand side that allows you to unfriend or mute the chat :-) Hope this will help grab the missing star! Jenny
Hi Alivia, thanks for your review! We are looking into including a function to track pain intensity changes during a migraine. It would be great to get your feedback on it- could you send us an email at contact@healint.com to discuss further? We look forward to hearing from you! thanks!
Thank you! Feel free to let me know what i can do to grab the missing star back :-)Jenny
Hi Merna, how can we improve the app for you to make it a 5 star one? Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve much faster! Thanks
Thank you Kari, the fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers :-) Jenny
We're glad to hear that the app helped you to track and see patterns in your migraines. Could you let me know what you mean by "more management"? The missing star means a lot to the team. Do let me know what we can do/change to earn the missing star at jenny@healint.com. =) Thank you!
Thank you and welcome to the Migraine Buddy community. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you Desiree. You can always use the "not now" button just after having started a migraine. Then come back to fill in the different pages when you feel better. Feel free to contact me directly at jenny@healint.com if you need futher assistance. Jenny
Hi Danni,Thanks for your feedback! Yes you are right! We are looking into improving the Buddy function at the moment. We would love to hear your thoughts on it- can you email me at jenny@healint.com for further discussion. In the meantime, your support and 5 stars wil help us go much faster. Thank you for the support :)
Dear Shaswata, ouch! that's clearly not the objective! Please note that migraine buddy is not a "test", this is a diary to help you in presenting solid data to your doctor and observe how your migraines and headaches are evolving over time. 
Thanks Angela! How can we improve the app for you as I see we missed one star.
Hi Christine, thanks for your review! Glad to hear the app is helping you. How can we improve the app to make it a 5 star one for you? Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve much faster!
Hi Melissa, thanks for your feedback. Yes we are still trying to tweak the City Buddy and this helps! Do you know many migraine sufferers in your area? In the meantime, your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster. THanks!
Thanks so much Maggie!
Thank you Alli. The fifth stars would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Deidre, we'd love to hear what you think of the app once you are more familiar with it. It would be great to know how we can win back the one missing star :) For your birthday, please try and enter the year, then month and date in that order. Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com- I'd be happy to help! Thanks!
Hi Lisa, thanks so much for your review! Could you let us know how we can make the app from good to great? :) You can direct your suggestions to me at jenny@healint.com - Jenny
Thanks so much Carrie! Please do come back and update us- we'd love to hear how we can earn the missing one star back! Your support and 5 stars will help us improve much faster!
Hi Kirsty great to hear you like the app! We hoped to make it thorough so hopefully your reports will give you more insights! I'd love to know how we can earn the missing one star back- did you feel it could be improved in some way? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars helps us grow faster! Thank you :)
Thank you MJ. How can i assist you for me to get the 5th star? :-) Jenny
Thank you Elizabeth. Feel free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help me grab the missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you for your support Mia. Glad to hear your migraines are under control. Did Migraine Buddy help you in any way to fix your migraines ? Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Scarlett, not sure i understand this comment? Jenny
Hi Terri, we are working on including a time stamp for medication taken- you should be able to see it soon! How else can we improve to make it a 5 star app for you?
Thanks for your review Kim! Your suggestions are great and we are actually working on them at the moment! We'd love to hear your feedback on these features we are developing. You can email me at jenny@healint.com if you would like to discuss further. Thanks!
Thank you. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you Stacy! It would be great to know the reason for the removed star- 5 stars helps us to go much faster. Your support and review will help us improve the app much faster. Thanks very much :) You can email me at jenny@healint.com.
Thank you very much Laura. Is there anything I can help with to grab the missing star? :-) Jenny
Thank you Katrina! The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Dear Mr Marion, thank you for your support of the app. Is there anything we can do for you to earn back the missing star? Perfect reviews are important to us and go a long way to supporting what we do. =) Do let me know at jenny@healint.com so I can see what I can do for you =) Thank you!
Great to hear you and your doctor like the app Valerie! I see we lost one star in the rating- how can we improve the app for you to make is a 5 star one? Feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com! I look forward to hearing from you! Thank you!! :)
Thank you Joe for your feedback! We are rolling out a darker theme soon (probably in the next next update!) Do help us by updating this review when this feature is available. Getting back the missing star will really mean a lot to the team. Thank you!
Thank you Lori. Glad to see that the app is matching your needs. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app helpful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Ray :) The 5th star would encourage our team of hard-working developers to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers
Hi Neil, you can change the measure system from Menu/Settings and choose the metric or imperial system. Hope this is enough to grab the missing star :-) Jenny
Thank you Donald. Hope the app will help you enough to get the missing star :-) Jenny
Thank you for your support Emily. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for suggestions that will help us grab this missing star back :-) Jenny
Hi Janice, thanks for your review! Could you send us an email at contact@healint.com so we can help you with the battery issues. The app uses about 3-5% on most phones however we can investigate further for you. Thanks a lot!
Thanks for your feedback Natasha! Currently we are looking into adding food triggers. :)
Thank you for your support! 4 stars rating are for apps with minor problems. If you are facing problems, could you please drop me an email at jenny@healint.com to let me know more so I can fix it and make it a 5 star experience for you? Thank you!
Thank you for your feedback Michelle. Our goal is to deliver a 5* service to our users so feel free to come back to me directly at Jenny@healint.com if you want to discuss further on your suggestion to improve the app and grab back the missing star :-) Jenny
Thank you Hedder. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Hi Katrina! You can indeed add them. In “attack type” press the "+" icon titled "Add new" and add whatever you want. You can specify the duration in minutes. Later, you can show it to your doctor. Please contact me at jenny@healint.com and let me know how I can further help you and earn the missing stars. Jenny
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you! I see we missed one star- how can we improve to make Migraine Buddy a 5 star app for you?
Thank you! You can use the dairy tracker to track any food you think might trigger your migraines. Feel free to contact me directly at jenny@healint.com if you need any assistance with the app. Jenny
HI Melissa, please contact me at Jenny@healint.com for assistance on how to best use the app. Jenny
Dear  Daniele, you simply need to click on the export button, and you will have a file ready to be sent via e-mail or ready to be printed.  The format is very simple, accepted by all doctors and insurers. If any problem you can contact me on our chat: https://www.facebook.com/migrainebuddy/messages/
Hi Sabrina, glad to hear the  app is helping you and your doc! Thanks so much for your review! It would be great if you could share how we can make this a 5 star app for you? You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Your support and 5 stars will help us improve much faster :)
Thank you for your support Brendon. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Thank you Sandy. The fifth star would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Linda, we are glad you like the weather feature! If you have suggestions on how we can make it a better app for you, please email me at jenny@healint.com, I'd love to hear your thoughts! Thanks so much for your review :) - Jenny
Thank you Mona! May we know how we can make it a 5 star app for you? Would be great to hear your suggestions!! jenny@healint.com
Thank you! What about the fifth star then? :-) Jenny
Thank you Sue. Glad to see that the app is matching your needs. Our goal is to deliver our users a 5 stars service :  please send me your suggestions and feedback at Jenny@healint.com .
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our hard-working developers who make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Thank you Tristan. Our goal is to deliver a 5 stars service. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com for any suggestions or feedback so that we can catch that missing star back :-) Jenny
Thank you Leah.  Anything I can do to grab the missing star? :-) Jenny
Thank you Stephie! How can we make it a 5 star one for you?
Thank you Cindy, that's right! I also get those cases when I am not too sure if I sure record but in case of doubt would like to record as very small or non-painful. Just to be sure, is the removed star due to that? or due to a problem your faced? Francois
Thanks for your feedback EJ! We are actually working hard on tracking pain progression and changes- you can email me at jenny@healint.com if you would like to test it out! 5 stars encourages our team and also helps us develop the app faster for you. I hope we can earn the one missing star back :)
Thanks so much Jamie! This is great to hear that the app has helped so much/ I see we missed one star in the rating- I'd love to hear how we can improve for you to make it a 5 star app. You can email me at jenny@healint.com with your thoughts. Thanks a lot!
Hi Sherreka, Thank you for your review. It's great to know that you find the reminders helpful. We hope the app proves to be even more useful for you in the future. If it does, do come back and give us one more star as it would help us so much ^^   If you have suggestions on what we can do to improve the app, please email me at jenny@healint.com :)
Thanks a lot for your feedback Tonya. Your idea is a very popular one! You can find it here: http://goo.gl/jrUVAS this a complex function and we would love to get some feedback on it from you! In the meantime, how else can we make the app a 5 star one for you? 5 stars encourages us a lot and helps us improve faster!
Thanks so much Suzanne! It would be great to know how we can earn th emissing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! I would love to hear from yoU! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thanks so much Suzanne! It would be great to know how we can earn th emissing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app much faster! I would love to hear from yoU! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks!
Thank you Catherine. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. :-) Jenny
Hi Vicky, you can enter non migraine days in the notes section. This is also time stamped so this can help you know what happened at what time. It would be great to know how we can earn the missing one star back. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Hi there, I'm glad you find the app useful! ^^ I noticed you gave us 4 stars which usually indicate minor problems with the app. =( Did you encounter a problem with the app? Please let us know what we can do to earn the missing star! I would love to hear from you at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Thank you Stacey. The fifth star would encourage our developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect  tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks Jo! We see we were one star short of 5 stars- were you disappointed with the app in anyway? How can we earn the missing one star? It would be great to hear from you! you can email me at jenny@healint.com. Thank you :)
Dear JoAnna,  Yes you can do that! You could track the food groups in "My Triggers" section. It is in the bottom left corner of the home screen. It functions as a daily tracker of the things that happen to you. You can add new items to track. Once you tracked it in "My Triggers", food you've eaten before the onset of a migraine will be highlighted
Thanks Christina! Could you let us know how we can make it a 5 star app for you? You can drop me an email at jenny@healint.com with your suggestions. Your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app much faster! Have a nice day :)
Thanks for your review, Brandin! Could you email me at jenny@healint.com so we can discuss further regarding this suggestion? :) - Jenny
Thanks Michelle! Good to hear that Migraine Buddy has been useful for you. Yes, this capacity to measure the evolution is very demanded. We are working on developing it. Testing it carefully to make it simple enough. In the mean time... maybe use the note section?
Hi Jessica, thanks for your feedback. Have you noticed a "Notes" section at the end of the questionnaire that allows you to input food intake. 
Hi Elizabeth, you can create multiple accounts in Migraine Buddy. You just need to use another device than the one you use for your child. Feel free to contact me at jenny@healint.com if you need assistance. Jenny
Thank you Mary! The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers! Jenny
Dear Gracina,  Please send an email to contact@healint.com to get an early user access code.  Thanks! Ali
Thank you Lauren! I'd love to know how we can earn the missing one star back- your support and 5 stars helps us improve the app faster. If you have any ideas, please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thanks so much :)
Thanks Tarnya. The dark mode has been implemented on the IOS version of the app as a trial. The plan is to make it available on the Android one later.  Jenny
Thanks a lot for your feedback Tonya. Your idea is a very popular one! You can find it here: http://goo.gl/jrUVAS this a complex function and we would love to get some feedback on it from you! In the meantime, how else can we make the app a 5 star one for you? 5 stars encourages us a lot and helps us improve faster!
Thank you Latoya. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thank you Meri! How can we improve the app for you to make it a 5 star one?
Hi Joy! We are glad you like the app! How can we improve it to make it a 5 star one for you?  Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. Thanks :)
Thank you for your kind words. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Hi Phil, thanks for your review! Glad to hear the app can help you track. Can you email me at jenny@healint.com with your location? In the meantime, your support and 5 stars helps us to improve the app even further! Thanks :)
Thank you Catherine! Glad you like the app. I see we have one star missing from the rating- did you encounter some disappointment related to the app? How can we earn one star back? 5 stars really encourages us to improve faster! You can email me at jenny@healint.com with your comments. I'd love to hear from you. Thanks a lot!
Thank you Sonja. The fifth star would encourage our team of developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny :-)
Dear Travis, thank you for your review. I hope you can help us updating the rating when you feel more comfortable with the app. =) If you have suggestions on how we may improve to earn the missing star, please let me know at jenny@healint.com. Thank you!
Dear Tammy, thank you for your remark! I am not 100% sure to understand "a way to clear out an end time". Can you explain that point? either here in the comment, or via e-mail to francois@healint.com Francois, co-founder of Healint
Thank you Alesha. The fifth star would encourage our team developers who work hard to make this free app the perfect tool for migraine sufferers. Jenny
Thanks very much Sue! May I ask the reason for the removed star? Did you face any disappointment with the app? Your feedback and 5 stars will help us improve the app faster. Please feel free to email me at jenny@healint.com. I'd love to hear from you! Thanks! 
Thank you Paula. Feel  free to contact me at Jenny@healint.com for suggestions that would help me grab the missing star back. :-) Jenny